-------------------------
Ranking for query 1: the crystalline lens in vertebrates, including humans.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 72        | 16.205582 |  R  |
|2    | 168       | 15.253615 |  R  |
|3    | 181       | 13.970568 |  R  |
|4    | 500       | 13.935846 |  R  |
|5    | 175       | 10.342295 |     |
|6    | 87        | 10.245780 |     |
|7    | 58        | 10.235246 |     |
|8    | 79        | 9.739153  |  R  |
|9    | 838       | 9.538250  |     |
|10   | 336       | 9.432945  |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 72:
	studies on aging with horse crystalline lens gel as a contribution to   
	biomorphosis of the mammalian crystalline lens .                        
	  the effects of biomorphosis -dash the continuous material change in   
	the chemical composition of the organs and tissues -dash are studied on 
	the horse crystalline lens in respect of its amino acid content subject 
	to substantial variations in the course of life . it is shown by        
	electrophoretic and paperchromatographic methods that the qualitative   
	composition of horse crystalline lenses remains quite the same, but that
	within the individual age stages there occur quantitative variations    
	between the individual amino acids .
Contents for document 168:
	visco-elastic properties of the lens .                                  
	  the dynamic visco-elastic properties of human, monkey and rabbit      
	lenses have been measured with a dynamic rheometer . the value for the  
	apparent elastic modulus (young modulus) of the lens was found to be 10 
	-10 dyne/cm in humans and 10 -10 dyne/cm in monkeys and rabbits . the   
	value for the loss tangent was 0.3-0.4 in the human lens and 0.3-0.6 in 
	rabbit and monkey lenses .                                              
	  elastic moduli and loss tangents of the lenses showed poor dependence 
	on temperature at 15 -55 c and on frequency of oscillation at 0.01-25 c/
	s . the lenses showed linear visco-elasticity when the amplitude of     
	oscillation was below 0.02 mm, and they showed nonlinear visco-         
	elasticity when the amplitude exceeded 0.03 mm .
Contents for document 181:
	the insoluble proteins of bovine crystalline lens .                     
	  the insoluble lens proteins, the albuminoids, of the adult bovine lens
	cortex can be rendered soluble by raising the ph of their washed        
	suspension in 0.9 nacl to 10.5 and then reducing it again to ph 7.4 .   
	the sedimentation constant of the dissolved protein is 10.8 s,. its     
	molecular weight is estimated to be 360,000 12,000 . the amino acid     
	composition is approximately the same as that of the soluble -crysta-   
	llin fraction, a kinship which is also apparent from their immunochemi- 
	cal properties . it is suggested that the initial insoluble protein is a
	molecular aggregate of -crystallin, which is dissociated in alkaline    
	solutions to molecules exhibiting a sedimentation constant of 10.8 s .
Contents for document 500:
	1949. studies on the soluble proteins of bovine lens.  immuno-
	chemical analyses of protein fractions
	the lyophilized soluble lens proteins
	were dissolved in 0.005 m phosphate buffer
	at ph 6.8 and the solution was subjected to
	column chromatography on deae (die-
	thylamino ethyl) cellulose.  elution was
	accomplished by changing the ph and ionic
	strength of the eluting buffer.  the components
	were fractionated by stepwise elu-
	tion.  the lens proteins were separated into
	17 fractions by column chromatogra-
	phy.  these fractions were compared with
	a, b and y crystallines for electrophore-
	tic mobility, and the antigenic purity of each
	fraction was examined immunochemi-
	cally.  the results showed that while the
	fractions were not completely pure they
	were purer than the a, b and y crystalline
	fractions, and that f-1-a, b, c and d
	corresponded to y crystalline, while
	f-2-a, b, c, d, e and f corresponded to b
	crystalline and f-3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and
	9 to a crystalline.
Contents for document 175:
	the occurrence of biologic crystals in tumor and nontumor cultures of   
	c3h/hej mice .                                                          
	  crystalline structures of various types have been found in primary    
	tissue cultures of neoplastic and non-neoplastic tissues from c3h/hej   
	mice . all of the cultures of mammary carcinoma tissue contained the    
	crystals . the crystals were found in varying incidence in the cultures 
	of several other tissues with the exception of those from the kidney . a
	'dialysis compartment' was not essential for the formation of the       
	crystals . the development of the crystals was accelerated by a         
	modification of the culture medium .
Contents for document 87:
	absorbed radiation dose and excretion of cesium-131 in humans .         
	  data relating to the effective half-life, absorbed dose of radiation, 
	and excretion rates of cesium-131 have been presented . cesium-131 is an
	excellent material for cardiac scanning, since a very low amount of     
	radiation is absorbed -dash a dose of the order of one twentieth that   
	received in diagnostic x-ray studies of the gastrointestinal tract .    
	absorption of radiation can be reduced further by the administration of 
	a thiazide type of diuretic and, probably, by catharsis after the scan .
Contents for document 58:
	specific carcinoembryonic antigens of the human digestive system .      
	  a wide variety of human adult and fetal tissues were studied by       
	immunodiffusion techniques in agar gel to determine whether they        
	contained the tumor-specific antigen(s) previously found in colonic     
	cancers . in the adult tissues it was demonstrated that identical       
	antigens were present in all tested specimens of malignant tumors of the
	entodermally derived epithelium of the gastro-intestinal tract and      
	pancreas, but were absent from all other tested adult tissues . the     
	common antigenic constituents, therefore, represent system-specific     
	cancer antigens of the human digestive system . system-specific cancer  
	antigens have not previously been demonstrated in humans .              
	  experiments with fetal tissues demonstrated that identical antigens   
	were also present in fetal gut, liver, and pancreas between 2 and 6     
	months of gestation . these components were named /carcinoembryonic/    
	antigens of the human digestive system . on the basis of the present    
	findings and the recent work regarding control of the expression of     
	genetic potentialities in various genetic potentialities in various     
	types of cells, it was concluded that the carcinoembryonic antigens     
	represent cellular constituents which are repressed during the course of
	differentiation of the normal digestive system epithelium and reappear  
	in the corresponding malignant cells by a process of                    
	derepressive-dedifferentiation .
Contents for document 79:
	histological research on the lens in condition of hypoxia, changes in   
	the mitotic activity of the epithelium .                                
	  the effect of hypoxia on the mitotic activity of the cells of the lens
	epithelium was studied in 24 rats of the same strain and weight . the   
	hypoxia was obtained in the decompression chamber .                     
	  the results show that the mitotic activity of the lens epithelium is  
	depressed at any of the examined altitudes (6.500, 8.000, 9.500 m),. in 
	particular, a marked reduction in the number of the prophases and an    
	accumulation in metaphase was observed .                                
	  the results were examined from the statistical standpoint and         
	discussed .
Contents for document 838:
	major surgical procedures,
	including amputation,
	on a hemophiliac
	various surgical procedures in a hemo-
	philia a patient, including amputation above
	the knee, are reported.  human cohn fraction
	i (fibrinogen/ahg) was used to ensure
	normal hemostasis.  the patient's ability to
	form a firm clot within a normal time was
	measured and treatment was prescribed in
	accordance with serial studies with the
	thrombelastograph.
Contents for document 336:
	3200. studies on the binding of protein by nickel.
	with special reference to
	its role in nickel sensitivity
	the reaction between nickel and proteins
	was studied using the technique of
	equilibrium dialysis.  in most of the experiments
	crystalline bovine serum
	albumen was used.  the nickel-protein complex
	was of low stability, the quantity
	of nickel bound by the protein being dependent
	on the concentration of free
	nickel ions, the ph, and the particular protein used.
	the sites of binding of
	the nickel ions were primarily carboxyl and amino
	groups.  the author concluded
	that it was unlikely that nickel behaved as a
	hapten capable of initiating an
	allergic response.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 1

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.13513513513513514
AP@10: 0.125
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 2: the relationship of blood and cerebrospinal fluid oxygen concentrations
or partial pressures.  a method of interest is polarography.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 258       | 34.545280 |  R  |
|2    | 713       | 31.853079 |     |
|3    | 162       | 29.022709 |  R  |
|4    | 128       | 28.638659 |     |
|5    | 289       | 27.692476 |  R  |
|6    | 187       | 27.675114 |  R  |
|7    | 418       | 26.600636 |     |
|8    | 236       | 26.115433 |  R  |
|9    | 723       | 25.132401 |     |
|10   | 715       | 24.803463 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 258:
	the determinants of cerebrospinal fluid po2 the effects of oxygen and   
	carbon dioxide breathing in patients with chronic lung disease .        
	  the lumbar cerebrospinal fluid po2 of some hypoxemic hypercapnic      
	patients with chronic lung disease is the same as that of patients      
	without chronic lung disease . breathing 95 oxygen with 5 carbon dioxide
	increased lumbar cerebrospinal fluid po2 more than breathing 95 oxygen  
	with 5 nitrogen . the change in cerebrospinal fluid po2 is closely      
	related to the change in arterial pco2, and this relationship is similar
	to the relationship between arterial pco2 and cerebral blood flow in    
	patients with and without hypercapnia . interpretation of these         
	observations must be qualified by the following.. cisternal             
	cerebrospinal fluid po2 differs from lumbar cerebrospinal fluid po2 in  
	its response to breathing oxygen with carbon dioxide,. regulation of    
	blood flow to the spinal cord and nerve roots is not known to be        
	comparable to that of the brain,. and factors other than blood flow may 
	have contributed to the changes of cerebrospinal fluid po2 .
Contents for document 713:
	dural sinus pressure
	in normal and hydrocephalic dogs
	simultaneous measurement of cerebro-
	spinal fluid pressure (csfp) and venous
	pressure in the anterior (ssvp) and poste-
	rior sagittal sinus (tvp) has demonstrated
	that in the normal dog the mean pressures are
	related as follows: csfp>ssvp>tvp.
	the statistical relationship between the pres-
	sures has shown a poor correlation of ssvp
	and tvp with changes in csfp.  on the
	other hand, in the hydrocephalic dog, ssvp
	rises to meet csfp and is related to fluid
	pressure in a 1:1 fashion.  this could be ex-
	pected to cause a "non venting" of acute
	changes of csfp and a decrease in fluid ab-
	sorption.  it is postulated that the mechanism
	of ssvp elevation is a partial occlusion of
	the sinus.
Contents for document 162:
	effects of ruminal insufflation on cerebral circulation and metabolism  
	in the goat .                                                           
	  the effects of nitrogen insufflation of the cannulated rumen were     
	studied in 10 goats . parameters which were measured included cerebral  
	blood flow, mean carotid arterial pressure, pressure in the confluence  
	of sinuses, cerebrospinal fluid pressure, blood oxygen and carbon       
	dioxide contents, packed cell volume (pcv), and hemoglobin concentration
	values for cerebrovascular resistance and cerebral o utilization were 
	calculated .                                                            
	  increased ruminal pressure had little effect on cerebral blood flow   
	and cerebrovascular resistance . cerebral o utilization was decreased   
	when the intraruminal pressure was increased . this decrease was caused 
	by a reduction in arterial o content and a consequent decrease in       
	cerebral arteriovenous o difference . mean arterial, venous sinus, and  
	cerebrospinal fluid pressures were increased as the intraruminal        
	pressure was increased . increases in pcv and hemoglobin concentration  
	were not related to the elevated intraruminal pressure .                
	  central nervous system signs in goats with acute ruminal tympany may  
	be caused by cerebral hypoxia . the nature of the hypertensive changes  
	associated with increased ruminal pressure were demonstrated, but due to
	the influence of multiple factors on fluid compartments, no conclusions 
	could be made about the mechanism of these pressure responses .         
	mechanical factors, however, may be involved .
Contents for document 128:
	nickel carbonyl.. its detection and potential for formation .           
	  recent recommendations for control of nickel carbonyl exposures have  
	been considered in the design of a simple, sensitive field method for   
	sampling nickel carbonyl in air and process gases . the method involves 
	collection in dilute aqueous hcl, ph adjustment, nickel complex         
	development with alpha-furildioxime, and extraction with chloroform .   
	color intensity is compared visually (or for greater accuracy,          
	spectrophotometrically) with liquid standards . sensitivities on the    
	order of 0.001 ppm are obtainable . a detailed development of the       
	thermodynamics associated with the formation of nickel carbonyl is also 
	presented to show the maximum concentrations of nickel carbonyl that may
	be formed over a wide range of co concentrations, temperatures and      
	pressures .
Contents for document 289:
	3805. cisternal fluid oxygen tension in man
	measurement of cerebral oxygen tension
	in man has been hampered by technical dif-
	ficulties.  the authors present a method
	in which a beckman microelectrode was
	introduced into the cisterna magna and
	oxygen tension measured, the hypothesis
	being that measurement of oxygen tension
	in a fluid which equilibrates with the
	average cerebral oxygen tension should
	give reliable measure of cerebral oxygen
	tension.  in their subjects, inhalation of
	pure oxygen produced an increase in the
	oxygen tension in the cisternal fluid as
	well as in the arterial blood without any
	alteration of the oxygen tension in the
	bulb of the internal jugular vein, whereas
	inhalation of 95% oxygen and 5% carbon
	dioxide increased the oxygen tension in the
	cisternal fluid as well as in the arterial
	and venous blood.  5% carbon dioxide in
	air produced an increase in the cisternal
	oxygen tension; a fall in arterial blood
	pressure associated with the introduction
	of the suboccipital needle was accom-
	panied by a decrease in cisternal oxygen
	tension which then rose simultaneously with
	the increase in arterial blood pressure
	that followed infusion of dextran.  intravenous
	injection of xanthinol niacinate induced
	in all patients a more or less pronounced fall
	in arterial blood pressure and at the
	same time the cisternal oxygen tension fell;
	administration of aramine was associated
	with a rise in arterial blood pressure
	plus a rise in cisternal oxygen tension.
Contents for document 187:
	measurement of oxygen tensions in cerebral tissues of rats exposed to   
	high pressures of oxygen .                                              
	  brain and cerebrospinal oxygen tensions have been measured in rats    
	breathing air or in various high pressures of oxygen (ohp) . addition of
	5 percent co2 to the inspired oxygen raised cerebral oxygen tensions    
	when rats were exposed to 2 atm abs or above . inhibition of 75         
	hemoglobin saturation by para-aminopropriophenone lowered cerebral po in
	rats breathing air, but not in rats exposed to ohp . the rate of rise of
	cerebral po to a steady level after rapid compression was found to be   
	faster than the rate of fall to a steady level following decompression .
	addition of co to the inspired gas mixture increased the rate of rise of
	cerebral po . the anesthetics urethane and pentobarbital sodium did not 
	affect cerebral po in rats breathing air or oxygen at 4 atm . the       
	results are discussed in relation to factors contributing to oxygen     
	poisoning at high pressures .
Contents for document 418:
	4612. flow considerations in regional cerebral hypothermia
	it is suggested that low flows are dangerous
	and may cause anoxia either directly
	or by interfering with cooling.  sixty dogs
	have been subjected to local cerebral
	hypothermia by the method of femoral to
	carotid cooling of arterial blood with per-
	fusion at a predetermined pressure rather
	than predetermined flow rate.  the cir-
	cuit is described and its advantages for
	clinical use mentioned together with its in-
	accuracies as a method of scientific investigation.
	these are chiefly concerned
	with maintenance of systemic blood pressure
	which may require the injection of
	pressor agents.  evidence for reduction in flow
	at low temperatures is discussed
	and evidence presented that this is not only due
	to increase in viscosity but that
	there is an active spasm, manifested by
	'rewarming humps' which occur in the
	cooling graphs.  mean carotid flow rates
	were determined by a revolution counter
	attached to a pump of fixed stroke volume,
	the output of which was linked to the per-
	fusion pressure and thus determined by the resistance.
	the place of added co2
	is discussed particularly in relation to the fall
	in partial pressure which accompa-
	nies the cooling of the blood.  the addition of 5% co2
	did not increase total carotid
	flows.  halothane had been used as an anesthetic
	because of its sympatholytic ac-
	tion.  it has increased flows by 37% and
	abolished 'rewarming humps'.  rheomacro-
	dex used as a priming fluid instead of blood
	produced increased flow averaging 75%
	but did not abolish spasm.  it is suggested that
	cooling faster than 1 c. per minute
	is not intrinsically dangerous if spasm is prevented
	and high flow maintained by the methods described.
Contents for document 236:
	lactate and pyruvate in the brain of rats during hyperventilation .     
	  experiments on anesthetized and curarized rats under artificial       
	ventilation show that during hyperventilation lactate and pyruvate are  
	markedly increased both in blood and in brain . the lactate/pyruvate    
	ratio which remains in blood the same as in control conditions, is      
	systematically decreased in brain . during hypoxia (ventilation with 7  
	oxygen in nitrogen) lactate rises markedly in blood and in brain . the  
	lactate/pyruvate ratio which is strongly increased in blood shows a     
	small rise in brain . these observations could indicate that a different
	mechanism is responsible for the rise of lactate in brain during hypoxia
	and hyperventilation . the important augmentation of lactate in brain   
	during hyperventilation can give an explanation for the delayed rise    
	which is seen in the lactate level in cerebrospinal fluid in these      
	conditions .
Contents for document 723:
	the diagnosis of hydrocephalus
	the early diagnosis of hydrocephalus
	is imperative if definitive steps for
	its correction are to be effective.
	transillumination is a fairly accurate
	procedure that may offer the earliest
	means of determining whether or not
	the infant's head is enlarging.
	however, serial head measurements
	constitute the easiest and most
	accurate method for early detection
	of hydrocephalus.  charts of normal
	head size of full-term and premature
	infants are available to aid the
	physician in evaluating any deviation
	from normal.  once the condition has
	been detected, it is up to the
	neurosurgeon to determine the
	treatment plan.  the operative procedure
	most widely used for shunting the
	excessive cerebrospinal fluid is
	insertion of a spitz-holter valve.
	early detection and improved treatment
	methods will help prevent irreversible
	intellectual damage likely to develop
	if hydrocephalus continues unchecked.
Contents for document 715:
	five-year comparative study of hydrocephalus in
	children with and without operation (113 cases)
	on the basis of a 5-year study of 113 hy-
	drocephalic children of whom 65 were oper-
	ated on early with ventriculo-atrial shunting
	and 48 were not operated on, all of them hav-
	ing been studied periodically in a similar
	manner to determine mortality, morbidity,
	intelligence, and related factors, the follow-
	ing conclusions are justified:
	the program in which shunting opera-
	tions were done apparently gives significant
	advantages to the children over the program
	in which no shunting operations were done
	(based on life-table data projected from birth
	to 10 years)
	survival: 61.8 per cent as compared to
	22.2 per cent;
	number of competent children (i.q. of
	75 or better): 33.8 per cent vs. 5.5 per
	cent;
	number of noncompetitive children
	(i.q. below 75): 27.6 per cent vs. 16.7
	per cent.
	the major cause of death and morbid-
	ity in both groups is infection.
	in the operative group, morbidity
	associated with the shunting procedure is
	related to obstruction of the shunt and
	septicemia.  the early occlusions show a
	correlation with abnormal, inflammatory
	type of spinal fluid being shunted into the
	blood stream.  the late obstructions are
	associated with mechanical breakage of the
	shunt or factors of growth causing retraction
	of the cardiac end from the atrium.  prompt
	re-establishment of a functioning shunt has
	been possible in all instances.  periodic follow-
	up examinations, irrespective of symptoms,
	have proved invaluable in early recognition
	of malfunctioning shunts.  septicemia usually
	required removal of the shunt.
	from the program of periodic evalua-
	tions, including "bubble" ventriculograms,
	studies of clearance of risa, and psycho-
	logical testings, correlations showed:
	intellectual ability seemed associated
	with width of cerebral mantle;
	width of cerebral mantle in hydrocepha-
	lus decreases with ventricular pressures
	of 120 or over; it increases with pres-
	sures less than this;
	prolonged shunting of cerebrospinal
	fluid can give dramatic increase in
	width of cerebral mantle, apparently
	irrespective of basic etiology of the
	hydrocephalus;
	intellectual capacity could not be cor-
	related with the basic etiology of the
	hydrocephalus, but did correlate in-
	versely with duration of increased in-
	tracranial pressure.
	the many etiologies of hydrocephalus
	require large numbers of patients in each
	group for thorough evaluation.  factors
	favoring such studies should be carried out in
	medical centers where appropriate disciplines
	can study in depth.  prevention should be the
	ultimate goal.
	in the operative group, only 1 patient
	compensated his hydrocephalic process and
	no single patient demonstrated "arrest" of or
	recovery from the basic hydrocephalus-pro-
	ducing process in spite of numerous attempts
	to demonstrate this.  this might imply a
	necessity for life-long shunting of cerebro-
	spinal fluid in these cases.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 2

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.3125
AP@10: 0.22239583333333332
----------------------------------------

----------------------------------------

Summary for queries 1-2:
Mean P@10: 0.5
Mean Recall@10: 0.22381756756756757
MAP@10: 0.17369791666666667
