-------------------------
Ranking for query 1: the crystalline lens in vertebrates, including humans.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 72        | 16.205582 |  R  |
|2    | 168       | 15.253615 |  R  |
|3    | 181       | 13.970568 |  R  |
|4    | 500       | 13.935846 |  R  |
|5    | 175       | 10.342295 |     |
|6    | 87        | 10.245780 |     |
|7    | 58        | 10.235246 |     |
|8    | 79        | 9.739153  |  R  |
|9    | 838       | 9.538250  |     |
|10   | 336       | 9.432945  |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 72:
	studies on aging with horse crystalline lens gel as a contribution to   
	biomorphosis of the mammalian crystalline lens .                        
	  the effects of biomorphosis -dash the continuous material change in   
	the chemical composition of the organs and tissues -dash are studied on 
	the horse crystalline lens in respect of its amino acid content subject 
	to substantial variations in the course of life . it is shown by        
	electrophoretic and paperchromatographic methods that the qualitative   
	composition of horse crystalline lenses remains quite the same, but that
	within the individual age stages there occur quantitative variations    
	between the individual amino acids .
Contents for document 168:
	visco-elastic properties of the lens .                                  
	  the dynamic visco-elastic properties of human, monkey and rabbit      
	lenses have been measured with a dynamic rheometer . the value for the  
	apparent elastic modulus (young modulus) of the lens was found to be 10 
	-10 dyne/cm in humans and 10 -10 dyne/cm in monkeys and rabbits . the   
	value for the loss tangent was 0.3-0.4 in the human lens and 0.3-0.6 in 
	rabbit and monkey lenses .                                              
	  elastic moduli and loss tangents of the lenses showed poor dependence 
	on temperature at 15 -55 c and on frequency of oscillation at 0.01-25 c/
	s . the lenses showed linear visco-elasticity when the amplitude of     
	oscillation was below 0.02 mm, and they showed nonlinear visco-         
	elasticity when the amplitude exceeded 0.03 mm .
Contents for document 181:
	the insoluble proteins of bovine crystalline lens .                     
	  the insoluble lens proteins, the albuminoids, of the adult bovine lens
	cortex can be rendered soluble by raising the ph of their washed        
	suspension in 0.9 nacl to 10.5 and then reducing it again to ph 7.4 .   
	the sedimentation constant of the dissolved protein is 10.8 s,. its     
	molecular weight is estimated to be 360,000 12,000 . the amino acid     
	composition is approximately the same as that of the soluble -crysta-   
	llin fraction, a kinship which is also apparent from their immunochemi- 
	cal properties . it is suggested that the initial insoluble protein is a
	molecular aggregate of -crystallin, which is dissociated in alkaline    
	solutions to molecules exhibiting a sedimentation constant of 10.8 s .
Contents for document 500:
	1949. studies on the soluble proteins of bovine lens.  immuno-
	chemical analyses of protein fractions
	the lyophilized soluble lens proteins
	were dissolved in 0.005 m phosphate buffer
	at ph 6.8 and the solution was subjected to
	column chromatography on deae (die-
	thylamino ethyl) cellulose.  elution was
	accomplished by changing the ph and ionic
	strength of the eluting buffer.  the components
	were fractionated by stepwise elu-
	tion.  the lens proteins were separated into
	17 fractions by column chromatogra-
	phy.  these fractions were compared with
	a, b and y crystallines for electrophore-
	tic mobility, and the antigenic purity of each
	fraction was examined immunochemi-
	cally.  the results showed that while the
	fractions were not completely pure they
	were purer than the a, b and y crystalline
	fractions, and that f-1-a, b, c and d
	corresponded to y crystalline, while
	f-2-a, b, c, d, e and f corresponded to b
	crystalline and f-3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and
	9 to a crystalline.
Contents for document 175:
	the occurrence of biologic crystals in tumor and nontumor cultures of   
	c3h/hej mice .                                                          
	  crystalline structures of various types have been found in primary    
	tissue cultures of neoplastic and non-neoplastic tissues from c3h/hej   
	mice . all of the cultures of mammary carcinoma tissue contained the    
	crystals . the crystals were found in varying incidence in the cultures 
	of several other tissues with the exception of those from the kidney . a
	'dialysis compartment' was not essential for the formation of the       
	crystals . the development of the crystals was accelerated by a         
	modification of the culture medium .
Contents for document 87:
	absorbed radiation dose and excretion of cesium-131 in humans .         
	  data relating to the effective half-life, absorbed dose of radiation, 
	and excretion rates of cesium-131 have been presented . cesium-131 is an
	excellent material for cardiac scanning, since a very low amount of     
	radiation is absorbed -dash a dose of the order of one twentieth that   
	received in diagnostic x-ray studies of the gastrointestinal tract .    
	absorption of radiation can be reduced further by the administration of 
	a thiazide type of diuretic and, probably, by catharsis after the scan .
Contents for document 58:
	specific carcinoembryonic antigens of the human digestive system .      
	  a wide variety of human adult and fetal tissues were studied by       
	immunodiffusion techniques in agar gel to determine whether they        
	contained the tumor-specific antigen(s) previously found in colonic     
	cancers . in the adult tissues it was demonstrated that identical       
	antigens were present in all tested specimens of malignant tumors of the
	entodermally derived epithelium of the gastro-intestinal tract and      
	pancreas, but were absent from all other tested adult tissues . the     
	common antigenic constituents, therefore, represent system-specific     
	cancer antigens of the human digestive system . system-specific cancer  
	antigens have not previously been demonstrated in humans .              
	  experiments with fetal tissues demonstrated that identical antigens   
	were also present in fetal gut, liver, and pancreas between 2 and 6     
	months of gestation . these components were named /carcinoembryonic/    
	antigens of the human digestive system . on the basis of the present    
	findings and the recent work regarding control of the expression of     
	genetic potentialities in various genetic potentialities in various     
	types of cells, it was concluded that the carcinoembryonic antigens     
	represent cellular constituents which are repressed during the course of
	differentiation of the normal digestive system epithelium and reappear  
	in the corresponding malignant cells by a process of                    
	derepressive-dedifferentiation .
Contents for document 79:
	histological research on the lens in condition of hypoxia, changes in   
	the mitotic activity of the epithelium .                                
	  the effect of hypoxia on the mitotic activity of the cells of the lens
	epithelium was studied in 24 rats of the same strain and weight . the   
	hypoxia was obtained in the decompression chamber .                     
	  the results show that the mitotic activity of the lens epithelium is  
	depressed at any of the examined altitudes (6.500, 8.000, 9.500 m),. in 
	particular, a marked reduction in the number of the prophases and an    
	accumulation in metaphase was observed .                                
	  the results were examined from the statistical standpoint and         
	discussed .
Contents for document 838:
	major surgical procedures,
	including amputation,
	on a hemophiliac
	various surgical procedures in a hemo-
	philia a patient, including amputation above
	the knee, are reported.  human cohn fraction
	i (fibrinogen/ahg) was used to ensure
	normal hemostasis.  the patient's ability to
	form a firm clot within a normal time was
	measured and treatment was prescribed in
	accordance with serial studies with the
	thrombelastograph.
Contents for document 336:
	3200. studies on the binding of protein by nickel.
	with special reference to
	its role in nickel sensitivity
	the reaction between nickel and proteins
	was studied using the technique of
	equilibrium dialysis.  in most of the experiments
	crystalline bovine serum
	albumen was used.  the nickel-protein complex
	was of low stability, the quantity
	of nickel bound by the protein being dependent
	on the concentration of free
	nickel ions, the ph, and the particular protein used.
	the sites of binding of
	the nickel ions were primarily carboxyl and amino
	groups.  the author concluded
	that it was unlikely that nickel behaved as a
	hapten capable of initiating an
	allergic response.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 1

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.13513513513513514
AP@10: 0.125
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 2: the relationship of blood and cerebrospinal fluid oxygen concentrations
or partial pressures.  a method of interest is polarography.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 258       | 34.545280 |  R  |
|2    | 713       | 31.853079 |     |
|3    | 162       | 29.022709 |  R  |
|4    | 128       | 28.638659 |     |
|5    | 289       | 27.692476 |  R  |
|6    | 187       | 27.675114 |  R  |
|7    | 418       | 26.600636 |     |
|8    | 236       | 26.115433 |  R  |
|9    | 723       | 25.132401 |     |
|10   | 715       | 24.803463 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 258:
	the determinants of cerebrospinal fluid po2 the effects of oxygen and   
	carbon dioxide breathing in patients with chronic lung disease .        
	  the lumbar cerebrospinal fluid po2 of some hypoxemic hypercapnic      
	patients with chronic lung disease is the same as that of patients      
	without chronic lung disease . breathing 95 oxygen with 5 carbon dioxide
	increased lumbar cerebrospinal fluid po2 more than breathing 95 oxygen  
	with 5 nitrogen . the change in cerebrospinal fluid po2 is closely      
	related to the change in arterial pco2, and this relationship is similar
	to the relationship between arterial pco2 and cerebral blood flow in    
	patients with and without hypercapnia . interpretation of these         
	observations must be qualified by the following.. cisternal             
	cerebrospinal fluid po2 differs from lumbar cerebrospinal fluid po2 in  
	its response to breathing oxygen with carbon dioxide,. regulation of    
	blood flow to the spinal cord and nerve roots is not known to be        
	comparable to that of the brain,. and factors other than blood flow may 
	have contributed to the changes of cerebrospinal fluid po2 .
Contents for document 713:
	dural sinus pressure
	in normal and hydrocephalic dogs
	simultaneous measurement of cerebro-
	spinal fluid pressure (csfp) and venous
	pressure in the anterior (ssvp) and poste-
	rior sagittal sinus (tvp) has demonstrated
	that in the normal dog the mean pressures are
	related as follows: csfp>ssvp>tvp.
	the statistical relationship between the pres-
	sures has shown a poor correlation of ssvp
	and tvp with changes in csfp.  on the
	other hand, in the hydrocephalic dog, ssvp
	rises to meet csfp and is related to fluid
	pressure in a 1:1 fashion.  this could be ex-
	pected to cause a "non venting" of acute
	changes of csfp and a decrease in fluid ab-
	sorption.  it is postulated that the mechanism
	of ssvp elevation is a partial occlusion of
	the sinus.
Contents for document 162:
	effects of ruminal insufflation on cerebral circulation and metabolism  
	in the goat .                                                           
	  the effects of nitrogen insufflation of the cannulated rumen were     
	studied in 10 goats . parameters which were measured included cerebral  
	blood flow, mean carotid arterial pressure, pressure in the confluence  
	of sinuses, cerebrospinal fluid pressure, blood oxygen and carbon       
	dioxide contents, packed cell volume (pcv), and hemoglobin concentration
	values for cerebrovascular resistance and cerebral o utilization were 
	calculated .                                                            
	  increased ruminal pressure had little effect on cerebral blood flow   
	and cerebrovascular resistance . cerebral o utilization was decreased   
	when the intraruminal pressure was increased . this decrease was caused 
	by a reduction in arterial o content and a consequent decrease in       
	cerebral arteriovenous o difference . mean arterial, venous sinus, and  
	cerebrospinal fluid pressures were increased as the intraruminal        
	pressure was increased . increases in pcv and hemoglobin concentration  
	were not related to the elevated intraruminal pressure .                
	  central nervous system signs in goats with acute ruminal tympany may  
	be caused by cerebral hypoxia . the nature of the hypertensive changes  
	associated with increased ruminal pressure were demonstrated, but due to
	the influence of multiple factors on fluid compartments, no conclusions 
	could be made about the mechanism of these pressure responses .         
	mechanical factors, however, may be involved .
Contents for document 128:
	nickel carbonyl.. its detection and potential for formation .           
	  recent recommendations for control of nickel carbonyl exposures have  
	been considered in the design of a simple, sensitive field method for   
	sampling nickel carbonyl in air and process gases . the method involves 
	collection in dilute aqueous hcl, ph adjustment, nickel complex         
	development with alpha-furildioxime, and extraction with chloroform .   
	color intensity is compared visually (or for greater accuracy,          
	spectrophotometrically) with liquid standards . sensitivities on the    
	order of 0.001 ppm are obtainable . a detailed development of the       
	thermodynamics associated with the formation of nickel carbonyl is also 
	presented to show the maximum concentrations of nickel carbonyl that may
	be formed over a wide range of co concentrations, temperatures and      
	pressures .
Contents for document 289:
	3805. cisternal fluid oxygen tension in man
	measurement of cerebral oxygen tension
	in man has been hampered by technical dif-
	ficulties.  the authors present a method
	in which a beckman microelectrode was
	introduced into the cisterna magna and
	oxygen tension measured, the hypothesis
	being that measurement of oxygen tension
	in a fluid which equilibrates with the
	average cerebral oxygen tension should
	give reliable measure of cerebral oxygen
	tension.  in their subjects, inhalation of
	pure oxygen produced an increase in the
	oxygen tension in the cisternal fluid as
	well as in the arterial blood without any
	alteration of the oxygen tension in the
	bulb of the internal jugular vein, whereas
	inhalation of 95% oxygen and 5% carbon
	dioxide increased the oxygen tension in the
	cisternal fluid as well as in the arterial
	and venous blood.  5% carbon dioxide in
	air produced an increase in the cisternal
	oxygen tension; a fall in arterial blood
	pressure associated with the introduction
	of the suboccipital needle was accom-
	panied by a decrease in cisternal oxygen
	tension which then rose simultaneously with
	the increase in arterial blood pressure
	that followed infusion of dextran.  intravenous
	injection of xanthinol niacinate induced
	in all patients a more or less pronounced fall
	in arterial blood pressure and at the
	same time the cisternal oxygen tension fell;
	administration of aramine was associated
	with a rise in arterial blood pressure
	plus a rise in cisternal oxygen tension.
Contents for document 187:
	measurement of oxygen tensions in cerebral tissues of rats exposed to   
	high pressures of oxygen .                                              
	  brain and cerebrospinal oxygen tensions have been measured in rats    
	breathing air or in various high pressures of oxygen (ohp) . addition of
	5 percent co2 to the inspired oxygen raised cerebral oxygen tensions    
	when rats were exposed to 2 atm abs or above . inhibition of 75         
	hemoglobin saturation by para-aminopropriophenone lowered cerebral po in
	rats breathing air, but not in rats exposed to ohp . the rate of rise of
	cerebral po to a steady level after rapid compression was found to be   
	faster than the rate of fall to a steady level following decompression .
	addition of co to the inspired gas mixture increased the rate of rise of
	cerebral po . the anesthetics urethane and pentobarbital sodium did not 
	affect cerebral po in rats breathing air or oxygen at 4 atm . the       
	results are discussed in relation to factors contributing to oxygen     
	poisoning at high pressures .
Contents for document 418:
	4612. flow considerations in regional cerebral hypothermia
	it is suggested that low flows are dangerous
	and may cause anoxia either directly
	or by interfering with cooling.  sixty dogs
	have been subjected to local cerebral
	hypothermia by the method of femoral to
	carotid cooling of arterial blood with per-
	fusion at a predetermined pressure rather
	than predetermined flow rate.  the cir-
	cuit is described and its advantages for
	clinical use mentioned together with its in-
	accuracies as a method of scientific investigation.
	these are chiefly concerned
	with maintenance of systemic blood pressure
	which may require the injection of
	pressor agents.  evidence for reduction in flow
	at low temperatures is discussed
	and evidence presented that this is not only due
	to increase in viscosity but that
	there is an active spasm, manifested by
	'rewarming humps' which occur in the
	cooling graphs.  mean carotid flow rates
	were determined by a revolution counter
	attached to a pump of fixed stroke volume,
	the output of which was linked to the per-
	fusion pressure and thus determined by the resistance.
	the place of added co2
	is discussed particularly in relation to the fall
	in partial pressure which accompa-
	nies the cooling of the blood.  the addition of 5% co2
	did not increase total carotid
	flows.  halothane had been used as an anesthetic
	because of its sympatholytic ac-
	tion.  it has increased flows by 37% and
	abolished 'rewarming humps'.  rheomacro-
	dex used as a priming fluid instead of blood
	produced increased flow averaging 75%
	but did not abolish spasm.  it is suggested that
	cooling faster than 1 c. per minute
	is not intrinsically dangerous if spasm is prevented
	and high flow maintained by the methods described.
Contents for document 236:
	lactate and pyruvate in the brain of rats during hyperventilation .     
	  experiments on anesthetized and curarized rats under artificial       
	ventilation show that during hyperventilation lactate and pyruvate are  
	markedly increased both in blood and in brain . the lactate/pyruvate    
	ratio which remains in blood the same as in control conditions, is      
	systematically decreased in brain . during hypoxia (ventilation with 7  
	oxygen in nitrogen) lactate rises markedly in blood and in brain . the  
	lactate/pyruvate ratio which is strongly increased in blood shows a     
	small rise in brain . these observations could indicate that a different
	mechanism is responsible for the rise of lactate in brain during hypoxia
	and hyperventilation . the important augmentation of lactate in brain   
	during hyperventilation can give an explanation for the delayed rise    
	which is seen in the lactate level in cerebrospinal fluid in these      
	conditions .
Contents for document 723:
	the diagnosis of hydrocephalus
	the early diagnosis of hydrocephalus
	is imperative if definitive steps for
	its correction are to be effective.
	transillumination is a fairly accurate
	procedure that may offer the earliest
	means of determining whether or not
	the infant's head is enlarging.
	however, serial head measurements
	constitute the easiest and most
	accurate method for early detection
	of hydrocephalus.  charts of normal
	head size of full-term and premature
	infants are available to aid the
	physician in evaluating any deviation
	from normal.  once the condition has
	been detected, it is up to the
	neurosurgeon to determine the
	treatment plan.  the operative procedure
	most widely used for shunting the
	excessive cerebrospinal fluid is
	insertion of a spitz-holter valve.
	early detection and improved treatment
	methods will help prevent irreversible
	intellectual damage likely to develop
	if hydrocephalus continues unchecked.
Contents for document 715:
	five-year comparative study of hydrocephalus in
	children with and without operation (113 cases)
	on the basis of a 5-year study of 113 hy-
	drocephalic children of whom 65 were oper-
	ated on early with ventriculo-atrial shunting
	and 48 were not operated on, all of them hav-
	ing been studied periodically in a similar
	manner to determine mortality, morbidity,
	intelligence, and related factors, the follow-
	ing conclusions are justified:
	the program in which shunting opera-
	tions were done apparently gives significant
	advantages to the children over the program
	in which no shunting operations were done
	(based on life-table data projected from birth
	to 10 years)
	survival: 61.8 per cent as compared to
	22.2 per cent;
	number of competent children (i.q. of
	75 or better): 33.8 per cent vs. 5.5 per
	cent;
	number of noncompetitive children
	(i.q. below 75): 27.6 per cent vs. 16.7
	per cent.
	the major cause of death and morbid-
	ity in both groups is infection.
	in the operative group, morbidity
	associated with the shunting procedure is
	related to obstruction of the shunt and
	septicemia.  the early occlusions show a
	correlation with abnormal, inflammatory
	type of spinal fluid being shunted into the
	blood stream.  the late obstructions are
	associated with mechanical breakage of the
	shunt or factors of growth causing retraction
	of the cardiac end from the atrium.  prompt
	re-establishment of a functioning shunt has
	been possible in all instances.  periodic follow-
	up examinations, irrespective of symptoms,
	have proved invaluable in early recognition
	of malfunctioning shunts.  septicemia usually
	required removal of the shunt.
	from the program of periodic evalua-
	tions, including "bubble" ventriculograms,
	studies of clearance of risa, and psycho-
	logical testings, correlations showed:
	intellectual ability seemed associated
	with width of cerebral mantle;
	width of cerebral mantle in hydrocepha-
	lus decreases with ventricular pressures
	of 120 or over; it increases with pres-
	sures less than this;
	prolonged shunting of cerebrospinal
	fluid can give dramatic increase in
	width of cerebral mantle, apparently
	irrespective of basic etiology of the
	hydrocephalus;
	intellectual capacity could not be cor-
	related with the basic etiology of the
	hydrocephalus, but did correlate in-
	versely with duration of increased in-
	tracranial pressure.
	the many etiologies of hydrocephalus
	require large numbers of patients in each
	group for thorough evaluation.  factors
	favoring such studies should be carried out in
	medical centers where appropriate disciplines
	can study in depth.  prevention should be the
	ultimate goal.
	in the operative group, only 1 patient
	compensated his hydrocephalic process and
	no single patient demonstrated "arrest" of or
	recovery from the basic hydrocephalus-pro-
	ducing process in spite of numerous attempts
	to demonstrate this.  this might imply a
	necessity for life-long shunting of cerebro-
	spinal fluid in these cases.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 2

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.3125
AP@10: 0.22239583333333332
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 3: electron microscopy of lung or bronchi.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 160       | 18.711597 |  R  |
|2    | 78        | 18.554129 |  R  |
|3    | 230       | 18.082354 |  R  |
|4    | 70        | 17.922131 |  R  |
|5    | 407       | 15.955124 |     |
|6    | 234       | 15.877808 |  R  |
|7    | 286       | 15.776341 |     |
|8    | 71        | 15.489827 |  R  |
|9    | 906       | 14.176797 |     |
|10   | 282       | 13.937274 |  R  |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 160:
	electron microscopy of the bovine lung.. the normal blood-air barrier . 
	  lungs of 20 healthy, mature cattle were fixed in oso , embedded in a  
	polyester resin, and studied via electron microscopy . the blood-air    
	barrier was widely variable in thickness and consistency . there was a  
	continuous epithelial alveolar lining . the cytoplasm of some of the    
	epithelial cells contained membrane-bound aggregates of granules which  
	may be secretory structures . the epithelium rested on a basement       
	membrane, which in turn was continuous with or rested on an adjacent    
	capillary endothelial basement membrane, or continued into merging      
	connective tissue . the capillary endothelium was not fenestrated,. it  
	was a continuous cellular membrane . both the epithelium and endothelium
	contained numerous caveolae and pinocytotic vesicles . cells of the     
	alveolar wall included fibroblasts, lymphocytes, macrophages, and an    
	occasional mast cell . very little elastin was observed .
Contents for document 78:
	electron microscopy of cytoplasmic inclusions within /macrophages/ of   
	human tissue .                                                          
	  the fine structure of inclusions found within the cytoplasm of        
	macrophages of human lung, spleen, skin, lymph node, and rectum has been
	described .                                                             
	  the inclusions appear as concentric or whorled lamellae arranged      
	around a core . each lamella is constructed of discrete, parallel       
	filaments . the inclusions do not resemble currently described viruses  
	or virus-like particles, nor do they resemble asbestos bodies or other  
	known atmospheric pollutants or ingestants .                            
	  there is some resemblance to lipid phase systems as well as mast cell 
	granules,. possibly the inclusions represent partial intracellular      
	digestion of phagocytized tissue membranes or ingested mast cell        
	granules, respectively . differences and similarities exist between the 
	inclusion bodies of macrophages and the granules of mast cells . such   
	variations could be due to alterations in mast cell granule morphology  
	before or after macrophage ingestion .                                  
	  cytologic distinctions between macrophages laden with mast cell       
	granules and mast cells proper, remains obscure and requires additional 
	experimental evidence for clear electron microscopic differentiation of 
	these two cell types .                                                  
	  the exact nature of these highly structured bodies remains speculative
Contents for document 230:
	the morphologic demonstration of an alveolar lining layer and its       
	relationship to pulmonary surfactant .                                  
	  the presence of an alveolar lining layer was histologically           
	demonstrated in animal lungs by ultraviolet microscopy . this layer     
	appeared as a thin fluorescent line at the air-tissue interface .       
	  the fluorescent lining layer could be abolished from lung sections by 
	extraction with chloroform..methanol and was diminished by digestion    
	with cl.welchii a-toxin lecithinase, suggesting that the structure was a
	lecithin-containing lipid . an alveolar lining structure was also       
	identified by the use of phosphatide and polysaccharide stains,         
	suggesting that the lipid was a phosphatide, but that a                 
	mucopolysaccharide component might also be present .                    
	  bilateral cervical vagotomy resulted in diminution or loss of the     
	fluorescent alveolar lines and abnormal surface tension properties of   
	lung extracts . this suggested that the presence of the fluorescent     
	material was associated with the surface activity of the lung .         
	  alveolar lining structure could not be demonstrated by electron       
	microscopy, even with special staining techniques .
Contents for document 70:
	a light and electron microscope study of developing respiratory tissue  
	in the rat .                                                            
	  1. light microscopic observations on the development of the rat lung  
	have shown the presence of glandular, canalicular and alveolar stages . 
	  2. these same three stages can be identified by electron microscopy   
	and all may be present in different parts of the lung at one time, e.g. 
	at 40 and 45 mm. c.r. length .                                          
	  3. in the glandular stage, the lung tissue itself has an immature     
	appearance by light microscopy and by electron microscopy individual    
	cells also are immature in respect of organelles . glycogen is present  
	in immature cells .                                                     
	  4. during the canalicular stage, lung tissue becomes more vascular .  
	  5. throughout all stages of development, the 'duct' or 'air' spaces   
	are always lined by a continuous and complete epithelium, and blood     
	vessels by a complete endothelium .                                     
	  6. lamellated inclusion bodies are present in epithelial (endodermal) 
	cells at an early stage of development .                                
	  7. micropinocytotic vesicles are present in large numbers in both     
	epithelial and endothelial cytoplasm and it is suggested that in the    
	foetus they may indicate absorption of amniotic fluid from alveolar     
	spaces .                                                                
	  8. the mechanism of alveolar distension is discussed and its nature   
	remains uncertain .                                                     
	  9. respiratory tissue of the rat is not fully differentiated at birth 
	and the importance of this fact in human infants is discussed .         
	  10. the adult blood-air barrier, consisting of epithelium, zona       
	diffusa and endothelium, varies in thickness .                          
	  this project was performed whilst both of us were in receipt of grants
	from the medical research council of canada, for which gratitude is     
	expressed . our gratitude is also expressed to miss sylvia smith for    
	typing the manuscript .
Contents for document 407:
	2774. pitfalls in the clinical and histologic diagnosis of broncho-
	genic carcinoma
	a necropsy study of 380 cases of extrathoracic
	carcinoma revealed that pulmonary
	metastases occurred in almost 50% of the
	cases and bronchial metastases in over
	25%.  there were 39 cases (10.3%) in the
	series with clinical features simulating
	bronchogenic carcinoma and in 24 (62%)
	of these cases there was cytologic and/or
	histologic confirmation.  carcinomas of
	the pancreas presented the greatest source
	of diagnostic error accounting for more
	than one-third of the 39 cases; the primary
	site second in frequency was carcinoma
	of the kidney.  bronchial metastases were
	chiefly responsible for the clinical,
	cytologic, and histologic findings compatible
	with the diagnosis of bronchogenic
	carcinoma.  secondary growths in the lungs may
	present roentgenologically as solitary
	tumors indistinguishable from primary lung
	cancer.  metastatic lesions in lymph
	nodes, bronchi, and lung may exhibit pleomor-
	phic features simulating squamous
	cell carcinoma.  the diagnosis of bronchioloalveo-
	lar carcinoma in resected lung tissue
	is a presumptive conclusion inasmuch as the
	identical morphological features may
	be reproduced by metastases from duct or
	glandular carcinomas.  the simulation
	of bronchogenic carcinoma by metastatic tum-
	ors occurs with sufficient frequency to
	challenge the diagnostic accuracy of deaths
	certified as bronchogenic carcinoma
	with necropsy exclusion of other primary sites.
Contents for document 234:
	cortisone and atypical pulmonary /epithelial/ hyperplasia further       
	studies including electron microscopy, tissue culture, animal           
	transplantation and long term observations .                            
	  previous work in rabbits showed that there was a proliferation of     
	cells within pulmonary alveoli following intratracheal injection of     
	nitric acid and that the proliferation was greatly enhanced by the      
	administration of cortisone to the animals .                            
	  electron microscopic observations indicated that these were           
	morphologically large alveolar lining cells . tissue culture studies of 
	damaged and normal lung with and without cortisone showed no evidence   
	for a direct effect of the drug on the proliferation of these cells .   
	  this observation, together with the knowledge that fibrosis was       
	delayed in the cortisone treated animals, support the thesis that the   
	cortisone effect is an indirect one . transplantation of damaged lung   
	tissue to hamster cheek pouch failed to reveal evidence of growth .     
	within the period of observation (99 to 420 days) there was evidence    
	that the proliferation subsided considerably and no neoplasms developed
Contents for document 286:
	632. pulmonary alveolar proteinosis.  a study using enzyme histochemistry,
	electron microscopy, and surface tension measurement
	lung biopsies from 4 patients with pulmonary al-
	veolar proteinosis were studied using histochemical me-
	thods, electron microscopy, and surface tension mea-
	surement.  the lipid-rich intraalveolar fluid contained
	material with the staining reactions and ultrastructure
	of phospholipid.  although many alveoli were lined by
	enzymatically active, secreting granular pneumonocy-
	tes, extracts of proteinotic tissue were not surface
	active, and, in fact, inhibited normal surfactant.  some
	of the cells free in the intraalveolar material were de-
	generating sloughed granular pneumonocytes.  at the
	margins of the lesions were lipid-filled macrophages
	which appear to play a role in the removal of the mate-
	rial.  these observations indicate that alveolar protein-
	osis is not a primary overproduction of surfactant and
	are consistent with the concept that the alveolar clear-
	ing process is defective in this disease.
Contents for document 71:
	the pathogenesis of viral influenzal pneumonia in mice .                
	  the pathogenesis of influenzal pneumonia in mice was studied by       
	electron microscopy . mice were inoculated with 1.5 ld of pr8 influenza 
	virus and killed at varying intervals after inoculation . observations  
	by light microscopy were correlated with those by electron microscopy in
	order to evaluate the lesions produced .                                
	  at the periphery, the earliest lesions were focal areas of edema of   
	alveolar lining cells, the capillary endothelium and the interposed     
	basement membrane . this caused an appreciable thickening of the        
	blood-air pathway . hypertrophy, degeneration and desquamation of the   
	alveolar lining and proliferation of alveolar macrophages resulted in   
	complete consolidation, which was progressive up to 1 week after        
	infection .                                                             
	  the central areas of the lung were affected somewhat differently . at 
	3 days after infection, the nonciliated bronchiolar cells showed        
	considerable hyperplasia of endoplasmic reticulum and apical cytoplasmic
	edema . viral particles matured at the lumen surface of these cells and 
	were then released into the bronchiolar lumen . the bronchiolar cells,  
	both ciliated and nonciliated, underwent degeneration and sloughed into 
	the bronchiolar lumen . the regenerating epithelium was stratified, and 
	the surface cells were elongated and flattened . the peribronchiolar    
	interstitial tissue gradually became totally infiltrated by cells,      
	mostly of the mononuclear type .
Contents for document 906:
	fine structure of staphylococccal l-forms.
	   l forms of staph. aureus and bacterial cells were
	processed by the same technique for electron microscopy.
	ultrathin sections allowed comparison of structural units
	and indicated that staphylococcal l form units of all
	sizes lack the rigid cell wall and the compact, fibrillar
	nuclear area of bacterial cells.  the l form units are
	bound by a typical 'trilamellar' membrane comparable
	to that described for mycoplasma species.  nuclear
	areas in staphylococcal l forms present a diffuse appearance
	and could not be correlated with size of any
	particular structural unit.  many small units were seen
	within large bodies and possibly are involved in the reproductive
	process.  no evidence of division by formation
	of septa or by pinching off of cytoplasmic fragments
	was obtained from the electron micrographs.
Contents for document 282:
	617. maturation of postnatal human lung and the idiopathic respiratory distress
	syndrome
	maturation and pathologic alterations of the lung
	in 19 newborn infants who died of idiopathic respiratory
	distress syndrome were studied by light-and electron
	microscopy.  normal lungs from 6 fetuses and 11 new-
	borns served as controls.  in all infants with idiopathic
	respiratory distress syndrome, respiratory bronchio-
	les and alveolar ducts usually presented the histologic
	pattern of mature lungs, i.e. they were predominantly
	lined by type i cells, which also formed the epithelial
	component of most blood-air barriers.  well expanded
	alveoli exhibited a similar pattern, whereas collapsed
	alveoli were lined by numerous type ii cells which par-
	ticipated in the formation of poorly developed blood-air
	barriers.  the capacity of type ii cells to produce in-
	clusion bodies seemed to increase with survival beyond
	the 14th hr of age.  secretion of inclusion bodies and
	presumably surfactant into alveolar spaces did occur
	but only in the lungs of infants older than 2 days.  how-
	ever, this process was not accompanied by reduction
	in the number of type ii cells per alveolus as in the nor-
	mal lung.  the distribution of pathologic changes in idio-
	pathic respiratory distress syndrome appeared to be
	determined by the degree of maturity of the air sacs.
	structurally mature air sacs were associated with da-
	mage of epithelial lining and hyaline membrane forma-
	tion.  in contrast, collapsed alveoli revealed an intact
	epithelial lining and marked septal edema but were free
	of hyaline membranes.  the findings of this study sug-
	gested that transudation of plasma through well develop-
	ed blood-air barriers was responsible for epithelial
	damage and hyaline-membrane formation in air sacs.
	they also suggested that alveolar collapse and presuma-
	bly lack of surfactant were related to abnormal matura-
	tion of the epithelial lining and to septal edema.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 3

P@10: 0.7
Recall@10: 0.3181818181818182
AP@10: 0.2856060606060606
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 4: tissue culture of lung or bronchial neoplasms.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 234       | 21.122225 |     |
|2    | 407       | 17.650881 |     |
|3    | 177       | 17.292015 |  R  |
|4    | 67        | 16.546965 |     |
|5    | 405       | 16.347649 |  R  |
|6    | 94        | 16.273861 |  R  |
|7    | 93        | 14.621194 |  R  |
|8    | 209       | 14.266193 |  R  |
|9    | 523       | 13.564255 |     |
|10   | 281       | 13.490723 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 234:
	cortisone and atypical pulmonary /epithelial/ hyperplasia further       
	studies including electron microscopy, tissue culture, animal           
	transplantation and long term observations .                            
	  previous work in rabbits showed that there was a proliferation of     
	cells within pulmonary alveoli following intratracheal injection of     
	nitric acid and that the proliferation was greatly enhanced by the      
	administration of cortisone to the animals .                            
	  electron microscopic observations indicated that these were           
	morphologically large alveolar lining cells . tissue culture studies of 
	damaged and normal lung with and without cortisone showed no evidence   
	for a direct effect of the drug on the proliferation of these cells .   
	  this observation, together with the knowledge that fibrosis was       
	delayed in the cortisone treated animals, support the thesis that the   
	cortisone effect is an indirect one . transplantation of damaged lung   
	tissue to hamster cheek pouch failed to reveal evidence of growth .     
	within the period of observation (99 to 420 days) there was evidence    
	that the proliferation subsided considerably and no neoplasms developed
Contents for document 407:
	2774. pitfalls in the clinical and histologic diagnosis of broncho-
	genic carcinoma
	a necropsy study of 380 cases of extrathoracic
	carcinoma revealed that pulmonary
	metastases occurred in almost 50% of the
	cases and bronchial metastases in over
	25%.  there were 39 cases (10.3%) in the
	series with clinical features simulating
	bronchogenic carcinoma and in 24 (62%)
	of these cases there was cytologic and/or
	histologic confirmation.  carcinomas of
	the pancreas presented the greatest source
	of diagnostic error accounting for more
	than one-third of the 39 cases; the primary
	site second in frequency was carcinoma
	of the kidney.  bronchial metastases were
	chiefly responsible for the clinical,
	cytologic, and histologic findings compatible
	with the diagnosis of bronchogenic
	carcinoma.  secondary growths in the lungs may
	present roentgenologically as solitary
	tumors indistinguishable from primary lung
	cancer.  metastatic lesions in lymph
	nodes, bronchi, and lung may exhibit pleomor-
	phic features simulating squamous
	cell carcinoma.  the diagnosis of bronchioloalveo-
	lar carcinoma in resected lung tissue
	is a presumptive conclusion inasmuch as the
	identical morphological features may
	be reproduced by metastases from duct or
	glandular carcinomas.  the simulation
	of bronchogenic carcinoma by metastatic tum-
	ors occurs with sufficient frequency to
	challenge the diagnostic accuracy of deaths
	certified as bronchogenic carcinoma
	with necropsy exclusion of other primary sites.
Contents for document 177:
	effect of parathyroid and other human tumors and tissues on bone        
	resorption in tissue culture .                                          
	  mouse calvaria were grown in tissue culture in combination with single
	or multiple fragments of a variety of human tumors and glandular tissues
	to determine their capacity to enhance bone resorption . single         
	fragments of parathyroid adenoma tissue consistently enhanced resorption
	in both the frontal and the parietal bones . except for one squamous--  
	cell carcinoma of the lung which had some activity all other tissues    
	tested as single fragments had no enhancing effect . on the other hand, 
	all human tissues enhanced resorption when multiple fragments were      
	placed in a halo around the calvarium, suggesting the presence of lesser
	amounts of resorption-enhancing factors in other human tissues .
Contents for document 67:
	primary epidermoid cancer of the lung.. ultrastructural study .         
	  the early epidermoidic epithelioma of the human lung are initiated by 
	the proliferation of body cells whose structure is analogical to that of
	the medium cells and/or the modificated basal cells of the normal       
	bronchial wall .                                                        
	  the presence of desmosomes and tonofibrils in the cells of the stratum
	germinativum of the bronchial epithelium and in the cells derived from  
	it, allows us a better understanding of the malpighian metaplasis of    
	this wall and gives account of the epidermoidic evolution of the        
	bronchial epithelioma .                                                 
	  certain nuclear and cytoplasmic modifications suggest the possibility 
	of a causal virus .
Contents for document 405:
	1207. solitary mast cell granuloma (histiocytoma) of the lung.
	a histopathologic, tissue culture and time-lapse cinemato-
	graphic study
	a pulmonary histiocytoma in a 57-year-old
	woman was studied intensively histo-
	pathologically and by other techniques.
	abundant mast cells were found within the
	lesion, a previously unreported finding.
	tissue culture studies suggested that the
	process is reactive rather than neoplastic.
	some plasma-cell granulomas of the
	lung may be mast cell histiocytomas.
Contents for document 94:
	transformation of bovine cells in vitro after inoculation of simian     
	virus 40 or its nucleic acid .                                          
	  cells of bovine embryonic lung tissue in culture were inoculated with 
	simian virus 40 (sv 40) or a phenol extract of a high titer suspension  
	of sv 40 . both the virus and the nucleic acid preparation induced      
	proliferative morphological changes characteristic for sv 40            
	transformation . non-infected control cultures and cultures which were  
	inoculated with a preparation of nucleic acid exposed to dnase and      
	maintained under the same conditions as infected cultures showed a      
	regular fibroblastic growth .                                           
	  cell lines of rapidly growing transformed cells have been obtained .  
	most attempts to isolate virus from the transformed cells were negative,
	but minute amounts of virus were recovered from occasional passages .
Contents for document 93:
	propagation of lactic dehydrogenase-elevating virus in cell culture .   
	  primary cultures of adult mouse lung, spleen, and liver and of mouse  
	embryo support the multiplication of the lactic dehydrogenase-elevating 
	virus . such cultures produced virus continuously until they had been   
	subcultured 2-3 times . this corresponded to 20 weeks in the case of    
	lung and spleen and to 2-3 weeks with cultures of embryo . viral        
	multiplication was not accompanied by cytologic alterations in the cells
	or by changes in their rate of synthesis of nucleic acids or protein .  
	infection did not cause detectable changes in either the production of  
	ldh or in its release from cells .
Contents for document 209:
	mitotic lymphocytes in primary tissue cultures of normal and neoplastic 
	human lung .                                                            
	  normal and tumor tissue explants from 33 resected human lungs were    
	studied in vitro . lymphocyte mitoses were observed in tissue cultures  
	derived from 12 of the lungs . the ability of lymphocytes to undergo    
	mitotic division in human lung tissue culture has not been reported     
	previously . in the autologous systems used lymphocyte mitoses were much
	more common in cellular outgrowths derived from non-neoplastic tissue   
	than they were in the outgrowths derived from cancer-bearing explants . 
	no differences were observed in the total number of nondividing         
	lymphocytes present in the non-neoplastic and neoplastic preparations . 
	the in ritro systems employed are promising tools for further           
	contributions to an already well established clinicopathologic          
	relationship between lymphocytes and cancer cells .                     
	  phase contrast and time-lapse cinephotomicrographic records were      
	obtained of the mitotic process and special attention was paid to the   
	structural details . certain findings were of particular interest,      
	namely the formation of a dense chromatin ring during telophase, the    
	variable occurrence of cytoplasmic bubbling, and the death of           
	lymphocytes during early metaphase (/exploding/ metaphase) . an         
	elaboration and discussion of these findings have been presented .
Contents for document 523:
	2552. the tissue distribution of se75 -selenouracil and se75 -selenourea
	when selenium analogues of thiouracil and thiourea labelled with se75 were
	injected into rabbits, high radioactivity appeared in lung, liver and kidney.
	the animal's lungs could be visualised by photoscanning, but quality was
	poor, and neither compound is recommended for trial for lung or
	adrenal scanning in man.
Contents for document 281:
	2431. histochemistry of surface epithelial and pleural mucins in mammalian
	lung.  the demonstration of sialomucin in alveolar cuboidal epithelium
	sialo- and sulfomucins have been demonstrated
	histochemically in the surface
	layer of the lung and pleura from rabbit,
	syrian hamster, guinea pig, mouse, and
	man.  sialomucin predominates in the distal
	bronchial tree and covers the alveolar
	epithelial surface.  the possible significance
	of these observations is discussed.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 4

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.21739130434782608
AP@10: 0.10564182194616976
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 5: the crossing of fatty acids through the placental barrier.  normal
fatty acid levels in placenta and fetus.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 8         | 47.843498 |  R  |
|2    | 326       | 44.032013 |  R  |
|3    | 329       | 42.920528 |  R  |
|4    | 332       | 36.114559 |  R  |
|5    | 327       | 35.001839 |  R  |
|6    | 333       | 32.789574 |  R  |
|7    | 331       | 31.989202 |  R  |
|8    | 581       | 31.008760 |     |
|9    | 308       | 30.392136 |     |
|10   | 325       | 30.254749 |  R  |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 8:
	essential fatty acids and acids with trans-configuration in the         
	subcutaneous and visceral fat of the newborn .                          
	  we made an investigation of the subcutaneous and visceral fat in the  
	newborn . we estimated the contents of linolic and linolenic acid and of
	acids with trans-configuration spectrophotometrically .                 
	  we were able to show the penetration of these acids through the       
	placental barrier . the essential fatty acid contents of fat in the     
	newborn is low . in immature ones about 7-14 g, there is a rising trend.
Contents for document 326:
	1545. the effect of combined glucose and insulin infusions on
	the lipoid and carbohydrate metabolism of the parturient
	woman and of the fetus
	the infusion of glucose with insulin during delivery
	was used by the authors pri-
	marily in order to determine, whether the utilization
	of glucose can be enhanced
	under these conditions.  they wanted to investigate,
	whether the increase of unesteri-
	fied fatty acids in the cord blood which takes place
	after a sole glucose infusion in
	the mother, could be caused by the low capability
	of glucose utilization in the fetus.
	the infusion during delivery which consisted of the
	application of 500 ml of 10%
	glucose and 16 u of insulin over a period of 30 min.
	brought about a greater decrease
	of unesterified fatty acids in the parturient woman
	as compared with the infusion of
	glucose exclusively.  the reason for this result
	is thought to be due to a better utili-
	zation of glucose which is favorably influenced
	by insulin.  during the infusion of
	glucose with insulin, an increase in the values
	of lactic and pyruvic acid took place
	in the parturient women; this was probably due
	to an accelerated glycolysis and an
	increased production of lactic acid, but not
	caused by a higher share of the anaerobic
	metabolism.  in the cord blood, there were
	likewise increased values of lactic and py-
	ruvic acid as a reflection of the higher values
	of these substances in the mother.  the
	formation of these products of metabolic
	breakdown by the fetus, however, was not
	significantly increased.  after infusion of
	glucose with insulin, the other investigated
	parameter values, including those of the levels
	of unesterified fatty acids are found
	in the cord blood in similar amounts as after
	infusion of glucose alone.  these re-
	sults cannot reliably prove the passage of
	insulin through the placenta especially
	after a continued study of the metabolic values
	in newborns.  as a proof of the passage
	of insulin through the placenta could not be
	established, it is possible that after an
	intake of insulin the increase of unesterified
	fatty acids in the cord blood could be
	caused by a relative insufficiency of the insular
	apparatus of the fetus.  the most
	probable reason for the increase of unesterified
	fatty acids is the different depo-
	sition and metabolization of unesterified fatty
	acids in the course of intrauterine
	life.
Contents for document 329:
	766. a lipid-mobilizing substance in the serum of pregnant wo-
	men, of probable placental origin
	a substance capable of inducing free fatty
	acid (ffa) release was found in the sera
	of 12 from 13 pregnant women.  the rat
	epididymal fat pad was used for bioassay.
	this substance circulates in late pregnancy
	and disappears within 5 days post partum.
	it is present in crude placental extracts and
	is removed by their deproteination.  it
	is nondialyzable.  application of pituitary
	extraction procedure to placentae yielded
	active fractions where pituitary growth
	hormone is usually found.  in accordance with
	these facts a hypothesis concerning a part
	of metabolic changes occurring during preg-
	nancy was pronounced as follows.  the
	described substance diminishes maternal glu-
	cose consumption through the elevation of
	plasma free fatty acids, or by direct in-
	hibition of glucose uptake, or both.  this
	permits a preferential shunting of glucose
	to the fetus.  at the same time, increased
	plasma free fatty acid levels would serve
	as the alternative maternal energy substrate.
	elevated maternal insulin levels during
	late pregnancy stabilize the degree of maternal
	lipid mobilization.  the contrainsulin
	properties of a substance capable of mobilizing
	free fatty acids and inhibiting mater-
	nal glucose utilization would pose a diabetogenic
	challenge, and in the face of com-
	promised maternal insulin reserves, provoke
	overt or worsen existing diabetes
	mellitus.
Contents for document 332:
	1320. the plasma free fatty acid composition and blood glucose
	of normal and diabetic pregnant women and of their new-
	borns
	the blood glucose and plasma ffa content
	and composition of the newborns of
	normal women, gestational diabetics, and
	insulin-dependent diabetics were analyzed.
	normal maternal ffa levels were twice the
	fetal values; by 2 hr of age ffa in-
	creased 4-fold over initial values in normal
	infants, while infants of gestational
	diabetics had a 3-fold rise, and those of
	insulin dependent diabetics only 2-fold.
	blood sugar at the same time decreased and
	there was an inverse relationship be-
	tween blood glucose in the normal infants and
	ffa.  this relationship is altered in
	the infant of the diabetic mother.  gas
	chromatography of plasma indicated a higher
	ratio of unsaturated to saturated ffa in
	mothers compared to infants.  no pattern
	differences were noted between the normal
	and diabetic mothers, except that the
	latter had higher oleic acid.  in the initial 2
	hr of life, the patterns changed, although
	no differences were noted between infants
	of diabetic mothers and normals.  the
	observations suggest  (1) the metabolic
	interrelationships of glucose and ffa in
	the normal infant are different from those
	in the infant of the diabetic mother, the
	latter infant having a state of physiologic
	hyperinsulinism; (2) plasma ffa in the
	fetus is derived from both fetal fat synthesis
	as well as placental transfers; (3) the
	infant of the diabetic mother does not differ
	from the normal as regards ffa com-
	position.
Contents for document 327:
	1547. glucose and nonesterified fatty acid levels in maternal
	and cord plasma
	the authors established in 44 healthy women
	at the moment of delivery the contents
	of glucose and free fatty acids in the blood
	of the mother and of the umbilical cord.
	the concentration of both substances was
	significantly higher in the mother than in
	the infant.  the relation for free fatty acids
	was 1.7 1, that for glucose 1.3 1.  the
	relation glucose fatty acids in the mother was
	significantly different from that in the
	infant.
Contents for document 333:
	3107. lipids of human placenta
	the chloroform-methanol-soluble
	components of 4 human placentae were isolated
	by rubber membrane dialysis and gas
	chromatography, and analysed.  two thirds
	of the total lipids consisted of phosphatides
	with lecithin as the main component
	(22.5%), colamine cephalin (13%)
	and sphingomyelin (7.5%).  free cholesterol form-
	ed 14% of the total lipids, while
	cholesterol esters accounted for 6% and trigly-
	cerides for 13%.  investigation of
	the phosphatide fatty acids by gas chromatography
	showed a content of 60% saturated,
	27% simple unsaturated and 12% polyunsaturated
	acids.  the fatty acids of the triglycerides
	consisted of about 50% saturated and
	25% each of simple and polyunsaturated
	acids.  the polyenoic acids (30%) of the
	cholesterol fatty acids had a high content
	of linoleic acid, about one quarter that
	of the total acids.
Contents for document 331:
	1163. the effect of glucose infusions on the lipoid and the
	carbohydrate metabolism of the parturient woman and
	the fetus
	in 20 parturient women who were given glucose
	infusions during the expulsive stage
	of labor, the authors were able to observe an unusual
	hyperglycemia and a decrease
	in unesterified fatty acids (uefa).  the uefa-level
	usually increases regularly
	during delivery.  likewise, the values of esterified
	fatty acids (efa) showed an in-
	crease above the normally present levels in women
	who had received a glucose in-
	fusion during the expulsive stage of labor.  the
	results show that during delivery
	both hyperglycemia and the increase in lipoids
	are predominantly due to the energy
	demands of the organism.  however, there is also
	evidence that other, hitherto un-
	known factors may play a role.  in the fetus,
	the infusion of glucose leads to an in-
	creased glucose retention.  the infusion, however,
	does not bring about a decrease,
	but, contrary to the expectations, an increase
	in the uefa-values.  in general,
	such a reaction is not found in any of the
	subsequent periods of life.  further inves-
	tigations were conducted in order to find an
	explanation for the paradox uefa-
	reaction.  as shown by an analysis of the lactic
	acid and the pyruvic acid values, the
	increase in the uefa can most probably not be
	attributed to an impairment in the
	fetal metabolic conditions.  the administration
	of physiological saline infusions to
	10 parturient women under equal conditions
	revealed that the cause for the uefa-
	increase can apparently neither be found in
	hemodynamic changes due to the infusion
	nor in changes of the electrolyte balance, but
	rather in an adaptation insufficiency
	of the fetal islet cells, respectively in a different
	fat mobilization or fat deposition.
Contents for document 581:
	growth hormone
	growth hormone influences protein, fat,
	carbohydrate, and mineral metabolism.  it
	promotes nitrogen retention, growth of
	cartilage, transportation of amino acids
	through the cell wall, and incorporation of
	amino acids into protein.  this factor mo-
	bilizes free fatty acids from adipose tissue
	and increases the serum concentration of
	these substances; long-term administration
	of this hormone is followed by depletion of
	body fat stores and inhibition of fatty acid
	synthesis.  in diabetic subjects growth hor-
	mone administration is followed by hyper-
	glycemia, glycosuria, and ketosis; its effect
	on carbohydrate metabolism in normal sub-
	jects is more subtle.  sodium, potassium, and
	inorganic phosphate are retained following
	the administration of growth hormone.
	hypercalciuria also accompanies such treat-
	ment, an effect mediated through the para-
	thyroid glands.
	human growth hormone may be detected
	in the serum through the use of the radio-
	immunoassay.  the hypothalamus is inti-
	mately involved with the control of the
	secretion and release of growth hormone
	from the pituitary.  there is a correlation
	between the availability of glucose for me-
	tabolism and the plasma concentration of
	growth hormone; when glucose is unavail-
	able growth hormone is released in order to
	provide a substitute source of energy, fatty
	acids.
	the administration of growth hormone
	to the patient with hypopituitarism is fol-
	lowed by growth in many instances, but it
	has not usually been effective in promoting
	growth in individuals with other abnormali-
	ties.  acquired resistance to the effect of
	growth hormone is accompanied by the de-
	velopment of antibodies directed against
	this protein.
Contents for document 308:
	5196. effects of nutritional deficiency of unsaturated fats on
	the distribution of fatty acids in rat liver mitochondrial phospholipids
	the fatty acid composition of liver mitochondrial
	phospholipids from rats rendered
	deficient in essential unsaturated fatty acids
	has been determined, and compared
	with that of rats fed a diet containing corn oil.
	in addition to marked reductions in
	the amounts of linoleic and arachidonic acids
	esterified at the b-position of ethanol-
	amine-, inositol-, and choline glycerophosphatides,
	the deficiency resulted in ex-
	tensive changes in the distribution of saturated
	acids at both the a- and b-positions.
	palmitoleic and oleic acids were increased in
	amount in fat deficiency, and large
	amounts of docosatrienoic acids appeared in
	these 3 phospholipids.  the fatty acids
	of the sphingomyelins were not altered as a
	result of essential fatty acid deficiency.
	the data demonstrate that each phospholipid
	is unique in the way in which its fatty
	acid moieties change in response to feeding
	a fat deficient diet.
Contents for document 325:
	95. changes in serum non-esterified fatty acid levels in spon-
	taneous and in oxytocin induced labour
	the nonesterified fatty acid (nefa)
	concentration of serum rises progressively
	during the course of normal labor.
	the rise appears to be related to the duration
	of labor.  the use of oxytocin to induce
	and stimulate labor does not alter the normal
	pattern of rise in nefa provided it is
	given in physiologic dosage.  the levels of
	nefa in the umbilical vein and the
	umbilical artery at delivery are comparable and
	always significantly lower than the
	maternal level.  the maternal/fetal ratio varies
	between 1.7 1 and 3.9 1 in this series.
	following delivery the nefa levels begin
	to fall almost immediately.  the rate
	of fall is 10-30% of the delivery value in the 1st
	hour, 30-50% within 18 hr. and 50-70% within 36 hr.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 5

P@10: 0.8
Recall@10: 0.3076923076923077
AP@10: 0.3
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 6: ventricular septal defect occurring in association with aortic
regurgitation.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 116       | 30.487188 |  R  |
|2    | 321       | 29.663614 |  R  |
|3    | 238       | 26.393391 |  R  |
|4    | 260       | 26.228592 |  R  |
|5    | 115       | 24.500303 |  R  |
|6    | 390       | 24.206566 |     |
|7    | 243       | 23.759642 |     |
|8    | 112       | 23.052895 |  R  |
|9    | 242       | 21.559143 |  R  |
|10   | 253       | 19.846460 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 116:
	ventricular septal defect and aortic regurgitation clinical, hemodynamic
	and surgical considerations .                                           
	  the clinical, hemodynamic, angiographic and anatomic findings in      
	fifteen patients with ventricular septal defect complicated by aortic   
	regurgitation are presented . in this combination of malformations the  
	aortic regurgitation is acquired and results from prolapse of an aortic 
	valve leaflet into the septal defect . the strategic location of the    
	septal defect in relation to the aortic leaflets appears to be more     
	important to the development of this complication than the size of the  
	defect or the magnitude of the shunt through it . the onset of aortic   
	regurgitation occurs during early childhood and, once present, tends to 
	become more severe . careful observation of patients with these defects 
	is indicated following the appearance of aortic regurgitation since     
	rapid progression to severe left ventricular failure is not uncommon .  
	ventricular septal defect and aortic regurgitation must be distinguished
	from other cardiovascular abnormalities producing a wide pulse pressure 
	with a continuous or to-and-fro murmur . cardiac catheterization and    
	thoracic aortography are the diagnostic procedures most helpful in this 
	differentiation . the operative treatment of ventricular septal defect  
	and aortic regurgitation is reviewed and, on the basis of the present   
	and previously reported results, suggested plans for surgical management
	are presented .
Contents for document 321:
	1991. ventricular septal defect with aortic regurgitation.
	medical and pathologic aspects
	thirty-four patients with ventricular septal defect
	and aortic regurgitation, repre-
	senting less than 5% of the patients with ventricular
	septal defect, are discussed.
	a loud, systolic murmur, characteristic of ventricular
	septal defect, is noted dur-
	ing infancy, whereas evidences of aortic regurgitation
	(protodiastolic murmur and
	wide pulse pressure) does not usually appear until some
	time between 2 and 10
	years of age.  clinical and catheterization data indicate
	that the principal hemody-
	namic load is aortic regurgitation, whereas the
	ventricular septal defect does not
	usually result in a large pulmonary blood flow or
	high pulmonary arterial pressure.
	in about 50% of the patients, a significant pressure
	gradient across the right ven-
	tricular outflow tract exists.  detailed pathologic
	studies indicate that the ventricular
	septal defects are high and anterior and encroach
	to a greater or lesser degree on
	the membranous bulbar septum.  the right coronary
	cusp is the one most severely
	involved, and, by its prolapse, causes aortic
	regurgitation; the noncoronary cusp
	is always less severely affected.  the anatomic basis
	of the pressure gradient ob-
	served across the right ventricular outflow tract is
	not always clear.
Contents for document 238:
	ventricular septal defect with prolapsed aortic valve and outflow tract 
	obstruction .                                                           
	  a case of ventricular septal defect combined with aortic valvular     
	lesion and infundibular pulmonic stenosis is described . the right      
	coronary cusp of the aortic valve, protruding through the ventricular   
	septal defect, was demonstrated by right ventricular angiocardiography  
	as a polyp-like mass in the right ventricular outflow tract . cardiac   
	catheterization and angiocardiography showed progressive right          
	ventricular outflow obstruction .
Contents for document 260:
	ventricular septal defect with aortic insufficiency a clinical and      
	hemodynamic study of 18 proved cases .                                  
	  eighteen patients with the combination of ventricular septal defect   
	and aortic insufficiency were studied . nine also had infundibular      
	pulmonary stenosis . seventeen were treated by open-heart operations .  
	  the physical findings were those of a typical ventricular defect      
	murmur and thrill together with an aortic insufficiency blow and a wide 
	pulse pressure . a systolic murmur at the upper left sternal border with
	thrill is strongly suggestive of the additional lesion of infundibular  
	pulmonary stenosis, but the presence or absence of infundibular         
	pulmonary stenosis was indicated most accurately at cardiac             
	catheterization and on inspection at operation . it was not of          
	sufficient severity for signs of additional right ventricular           
	hypertrophy to appear on the electrocardiogram .                        
	  retrograde aortography serves to demonstrate the severity of the      
	aortic regurgitation .                                                  
	  the problem of the surgical correction of these lesions will be the   
	subject of a separate communication .
Contents for document 115:
	a study of ventricular septal defect associated with aortic             
	insufficiency .                                                         
	  clinical, electrocardiographic, radiographic, and hemodynamic findings
	in 12 children with the combination of a ventricular septal defect and  
	aortic insufficiency are presented . the left-to-right shunt was        
	determined to be small or moderate in all, and significant aortic       
	insufficiency was documented by aortography in 11 patients . clinical   
	indication of aortic insufficiency as manifested by an aortic diastolic 
	murmur first appeared at an average age of 6 years in 7 patients, with  
	concomitant widening of the pulse pressure in 4 . progressive left      
	ventricular hypertrophy was noted electrocardiographically, with        
	progressive cardiac hypertrophy and aortic dilatation on x-ray          
	examination in 2 patients . progression of the hemodynamic disability   
	does not appear to be common in childhood, however .
Contents for document 390:
	3056. the localization of aortic shunts developed by a precordial
	registration of i 131 injected into the aorta at different levels
	a technique for localizing shunts of aortic origin
	is described, based on the analysis
	of precordial records of i 131 injected at different
	aortic levels.  seven patients with
	patent ductus arteriosus (pda), 1 with a
	coronary av fistula, 2 with ventricular
	septal defect (vsd), 1 with atrial septal defect
	(asd), 3 with mitral regurgitation,
	2 with aortic regurgitation and 2 with systemic
	hypertension were studied.  retro-
	grade arterial catheterization by seldinger's
	technique was performed in all the
	patients, as well as right-sided catheterization
	in those with congenital cardiopathies,
	and transseptal catheterization in those with
	valvulopathies.  a dose of 5-15 uc of na
	i 131 was injected at the levels of the aortic root,
	the ascending aorta, the aortic arch,
	the origin of the left subclavian artery (ductus
	level) and the descending aorta (post-
	ductus level).  precordial curves were obtained by
	means of a 2-inch thallium-acti-
	vated nai crystal focused over the 3rd left intercostal
	space at the sternal margin.
	the shunt outlet can be detected by obtaining
	simultaneous venous dilution curves
	from the right chambers and the pulmonary artery.
	the latter technique was used
	in 2 patients with pda, 1 with coronary av fistula
	and 1 with vsd.  these curves
	were obtained by continuous withdrawal of blood which
	had flowed through a well
	scintillation counter.  the crystal pulses were carried
	to ratemeters which worked
	with the following time constants  0.01-0.15 sec for the
	precordial curves and 0.5
	sec for the venous curves.  a direct recorder with a
	5-mm/sec paper speed was
	used.  normal precordial curves after injecting above
	the aortic valve were obtained
	in patients with arterial hypertension, mitral regurgitation
	and asd and vsd.  a
	swift downslope which fell down near the baseline level and
	the recirculatory area
	was observed.
Contents for document 243:
	some hemodynamic observations in congenital heart disease with special  
	reference to pressure curves in ductus arteriosus .                     
	  hemodynamic observations in 100 congenital heart disease cases are    
	made based on data in the department of pediatrics, kyoto university    
	between may 1961 and december 1963 . we have classified these 100 cases 
	according to the malformation from the hemodynamic view point . our     
	cases were classified into the following groups .                       
	  (1) ventricular septal defect                             35 cases    
	      small ventricular septal defect                       20          
	      moderate ventricular septal defect                     9          
	      marked ventricular septal defect                       4          
	      ventricular septal defect with pulmonary stenosis      2          
	  (2) patent ductus arteriosus                              21          
	  (3) atrial septal defect                                  19          
	      atrial septal defect                                  14          
	      atrial septal defect with pulmonary stenosis           5          
	  (4) pulmonary stenosis                                     5          
	  (5) tetralogy of fallot                                   14          
	  (6) aortic stenosis                                        3          
	  (7) aortic insufficiency                                   3          
	      aortic insufficiency with ventricular septal defect    2          
	      aortic insufficiency with pulmonary stenosis           1          
	  in sonre small ventricular septal defect, we tried the vasoactive     
	drugs . phenylephrine was injected slowly into the right ventricle via  
	the catheter, a rapid rise in femoral arterial pressure associated with 
	bradycardia and intensiffication of the systolic murmur was observed .  
	after the administration of amyl nitrite, a rapid fall in femoral       
	arterial pressure associated with tachycardia and softening of the sys- 
	tolic murmur was observed .                                             
	  in patent ductus arteriosus, when the cardiac catheter is withdrawn   
	slowly from the aorta into the pulmonary artery, the outstanding        
	pressure curve is recorded in ductus arteriosus . the systolic pressure 
	curve in the ductus arteriosus is the same as the systolic pressure in  
	the aorta and the diastolic pressure curve in the ductus arteriosus has 
	a diastolic dip followed by a late diastolic pressure peak .            
	  in patent ductus arteriosus, when the cardiac catheter is withdrawn   
	from the left pulmonary artery to the right ventricle, the pressure     
	curve reveals a considerable characteristic rise in pulmonary arterial  
	pressure which is regarded as an effect of the transmission of systemic 
	pressure through the ductus arteriosus .
Contents for document 112:
	cardiac malformations associated with ventricular septal defect .       
	  in this study, 46 necropsy-proved cases of ventricular septal defect  
	associated with another anomaly but not part of a recognized complex    
	were selected .                                                         
	  the associated anomalies were classified as (1) obstructive or        
	positional anomalies of the great vessels, (2) anomalies responsible for
	additional shunts, (3) anomalies causing intraventricular obstruction   
	and (4) aortic valvular insufficiency .                                 
	  clinical findings were often those of the ventricular septal defect,  
	and the findings related to the associated lesion were frequently       
	obscure . even with special studies, including cardiac catheterization  
	and angiocardiography, there was often failure to arrive at a complete  
	diagnosis . the findings which led to an erroneous or incomplete        
	diagnosis have been presented . when a complete diagnosis was made      
	preoperatively, the procedures leading to it have been outlined . while 
	the diagnostic approach varies with the malformations which may coexist 
	with ventricular septal defect, it was observed that aortography and    
	selective left ventricular angiocardiography were most commonly helpful 
	in identifying occult malformations associated with ventricular septal  
	defect . it is therefore recommended that complete studies, including   
	left-sided cardiac catheterization with left ventricular                
	angiocardiography and aortography, should be considered in all cases in 
	which the clinical, electrocardiographic, and right-sided cardiac       
	catheterization studies are not entirely typical for isolated           
	ventricular septal defect .
Contents for document 242:
	surgical treatment of ventricular septal defect .                       
	  the surgical technique of closure of ventricular septal defects in 80 
	cases (37 cases of isolated defects and 43 cases of tetralogy of fallot)
	is discussed in the light of the follow-up results . the use of a patch 
	for closure has reduced the incidence of recurrence to 4 percent, com-  
	pared with 18 percent when direct suture was performed . the incidence  
	of heart block also decreased from 15 percent, when direct suture was   
	used, to 4 percent with a patch . the transatrial approach is preferred 
	for isolated ventricular septal defects,. the ventricular approach is   
	preferred for cases with tetralogy of fallot . in cases combined with   
	aortic insufficiency only small defects are closed through the aorta .  
	larger defects are closed in the usual way at a first stage operation,  
	and a total valve prosthesis is introduced at a second operation . there
	was an operative mortality of 6 percent in isolated ventricular septal  
	defects, compared with 27 percent in cyanotic patients with tetralogy of
	fallot .
Contents for document 253:
	radical operation for ventricular septal defect in infancy .            
	  ventricular septal defect is the most common congenital anomaly of the
	heart in infancy, and has a poor prognosis . we have operated upon 18   
	infants all under one year of age for ventricular septal defect . there 
	has been successful repair in 16 cases .                                
	  at present, hypothermia with a surface cooling method has proved to be
	superior to the artificial heart-lung machine because of the simplicity 
	and the good operative results with its use . in addition, early        
	operation during the infantile period will cause less psychological     
	impact on infants . these advantages are sufficient for us to advocate  
	radical operation of ventricular septal defect in infancy, even         
	including the severely ill children .
-------------------------
Metrics for query 6

P@10: 0.7
Recall@10: 0.5384615384615384
AP@10: 0.5021367521367521
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 7: radioisotopes in heart scanning.  mainly used in diagnosis of
pericardial effusions.  also used to study tumors, heart enlargement,
aneurysms and pericardial thickening.  technetium, rihsa, radioactive
hippurate, cholegraffin are used.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 189       | 57.353764 |  R  |
|2    | 391       | 48.776165 |  R  |
|3    | 121       | 44.110912 |  R  |
|4    | 82        | 37.915390 |     |
|5    | 261       | 36.814198 |  R  |
|6    | 392       | 34.017242 |  R  |
|7    | 60        | 32.186607 |     |
|8    | 393       | 31.753941 |  R  |
|9    | 242       | 30.754227 |     |
|10   | 555       | 30.118063 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 189:
	detection of pericardial effusion by radioisotope heart scanning .      
	  a marked difference between the cardiac silhouette on the six-foot    
	chest roentgenogram and the cardiac blood pool, determined by radioiso- 
	tope scanning, has been shown to be consistent with pericardial effusion
	and/or thickening . it has also been observed that the cardiac blood    
	pool is separated from the liver margin by the interposition of peri-   
	cardial fluid and/or thickening . this separation was not demonstrated  
	in the presence of a normal pericardium . to appreciate these features, 
	400 c. of radioiodinated human serum albumin and 50 c. of colloidal     
	radiogold were used for scanning . the former outlined the blood pool   
	and the latter demonstrated the position of the liver .
Contents for document 391:
	1671. the use of 99m tc pertechnetate in cardiac scanning
	technetium 99m pertechnetate has been utilized
	in the aas' laboratory for scanning the
	cardiac blood pool.  the delineation of the heart
	pool and surrounding vasculature
	is comparable to that obtained with the standard
	131 i compounds now in use.  in the
	authors' hands 99m tc had the following advantages
	since they routinely utilized
	99m tc for brain and thyroid scans, it is available,
	eliminating the purchase and
	shelf decay of other materials.  three to 5 mc quantities
	may be administered
	with relatively low patient radiation dosage.  the
	associated high count rate permits
	rapid scanning.  the identification of pericardial effusions
	is enhanced by the radio-
	activity in the stomach which in some cases becomes
	abnormally separated from
	the cardiac blood pool.
Contents for document 121:
	measurement of pericardial fluid correlated with the i -cholografin and 
	ihsa heart scan .                                                       
	  in 23 patients undergoing open-heart surgery in whom the pericardial  
	contents were accurately measured, and in 11 additional patients        
	examined at autopsy or by pericardiocentesis, isotopic photoscans of the
	heart were made and the results were correlated .                       
	  the most accurate means of diagnosis of pericardial effusion was found
	to be the ratio of the maximum transverse cardiac diameters on scan and 
	roentgenogram . in patients with less than 100 cc of pericardial fluid  
	this ratio was greater than 0.80, and it was less than this in cases of 
	effusion of 200 cc or more .                                            
	  measurement of the difference of these diameters, and visible         
	separation of the cardiac blood pool from the pulmonary vasculature and 
	liver aided in the diagnosis .                                          
	  pericardial effusions of 200-300 cc or greater can be detected by     
	isotopic photoscanning . although cardiac dilatation and/or hypertrophy 
	decrease the sensitivity of the technique somewhat, a definite diagnosis
	of pericardial effusion can be made even when cardiomegaly exists .
Contents for document 82:
	cesium-131 uptake and distribution in the human heart.. an analysis of  
	cardiac scans in 104 patients .                                         
	  when properly used, cesium-131 is a satisfactory agent for the study  
	of cardiac morphology by photoscanning, which we believe is a useful    
	adjunctive diagnostic procedure in patients for whom the results of     
	other methods of evaluation are at variance with the clinical symptoms  
	of cardiac disease . the studies reported here suggest that perhaps     
	infarction of a subclinical type, size, or location may occur earlier   
	than has been previously thought and that the damage it leaves may not  
	be detectable by any means other than autopsy or a technique such as    
	scanning . we have not yet been able to measure the actual concentration
	of cesium-131 in the heart at autopsy so that the cold and cool areas   
	could be examined by histologic sections .
Contents for document 261:
	radioisotope photoscanning as a diagnostic aid in cardiovascular disease
	a safe, simple method for diagnosing pericardial effusion and aneurysm .
	  radioisotope scanning is a safe, simple, and useful method for the    
	diagnosis of pericardial effusion and aortic aneurysm . the whole-body  
	radiation dose, approximately 25 millirads from 300 of i 131-sodium     
	iodipamide, is no greater than the dose received from a standard        
	posteroanterior chest roentgenogram or a blood volume determination .   
	there are no side effects or complications from the procedure, and it is
	well tolerated by the patient . the scan can be repeated at intervals to
	assess progress of the disease or response to treatment . cardiovascular
	scanning with radioactive isotopes can be recommended as a useful and   
	safe diagnostic tool .
Contents for document 392:
	2012. the use of technetium 99m as a clinical tracer element
	the physical properties, metabolism and
	radiation dose of tc 99m are discussed and
	compared with those of i 123, i 125, i 131 and i 132.
	it is shown that with tc 99m the highest
	'in vivo' counting rates are obtained for a
	given internal radiation dose, so that mea-
	surements of high statistical accuracy may
	safely be made.  the y-ray energy is near
	optimum for scanning and the observation of
	transients allowing light-weight collima-
	tors to be used.  while tc 99m tagged albumin
	is considered superior to risa for ap-
	plications such as brain scanning, placentography
	and the measurement of cardiac
	output, i 123 if it becomes available will be preferable
	for thyroid scanning.
Contents for document 60:
	comparative bone marrow study using two aspiration needles and two      
	biopsy sites .                                                          
	  bone marrow aspiration is now widely used in the diagnosis of         
	hematologic diseases and many conditions not primarily affecting the    
	blood system . a number of techniques have been devised by which a      
	suitable specimen of marrow can be obtained with relatively little      
	discomfort to the patient . the two needle sets described in this paper 
	have been found to be equally reliable in obtaining bone marrow for     
	microscopic study and diagnosis . comparative studies of bone marrow    
	aspirated simultaneously from the iliac crest and the sternum in 26     
	patients show no significant difference . however, there were four      
	instances of dry tap at the iliac site . this fact, in addition to the  
	observation that less discomfort was experienced by the patient when the
	sternum was used, might indicate that the sternal area is a more        
	reliable and efficient site for obtaining bone marrow .                 
	  it was also observed during this study that patients experienced less 
	discomfort when the university of illinois needle was used . the major  
	objection to the use of this needle is the inability to obtain a bone   
	core for biopsy .
Contents for document 393:
	2626. a study of central arteriovenous shunts by
	precordial recording of radioalbumin dilution curves
	precordial dilution curves of 185 patients were
	studied, 56 of them without cardio-
	vascular disease, 48 with central arteriovenous
	shunts and 45 with various cardiac
	diseases.  collimation was not used, allowing only
	minimal quantities of radioactive
	material (0.5-2.2 uc. of i 131-tagged albumin) to be
	utilized.  the precordial focusing
	zone was a critical factor in this technique.  the
	application of different discrimina-
	tion factors, among them the ratio between the
	minimal concentration and the latter
	-an index proposed here - made possible the
	diagnosis in 46 of the 48 patients with
	shunts.  this method was shown to be as sensitive
	as classical oximetry done during
	cardiac catheterization.  the curves in pure valvular
	stenosis do not show similar
	changes to the shunts.  on the other hand, these
	changes are shown in certain val-
	vular regurgitations.  this fact becomes the most
	important limiting factor in the
	diagnosis of central arteriovenous shunts.  cardiac
	failure does not preclude the
	diagnosis, providing one can exclude valvular
	regurgitation by other means.  the
	method is thus, in spite of its limitations, of extreme
	value in diagnosing central
	arteriovenous shunts, especially when the results are
	analyzed together with clinical
Contents for document 242:
	surgical treatment of ventricular septal defect .                       
	  the surgical technique of closure of ventricular septal defects in 80 
	cases (37 cases of isolated defects and 43 cases of tetralogy of fallot)
	is discussed in the light of the follow-up results . the use of a patch 
	for closure has reduced the incidence of recurrence to 4 percent, com-  
	pared with 18 percent when direct suture was performed . the incidence  
	of heart block also decreased from 15 percent, when direct suture was   
	used, to 4 percent with a patch . the transatrial approach is preferred 
	for isolated ventricular septal defects,. the ventricular approach is   
	preferred for cases with tetralogy of fallot . in cases combined with   
	aortic insufficiency only small defects are closed through the aorta .  
	larger defects are closed in the usual way at a first stage operation,  
	and a total valve prosthesis is introduced at a second operation . there
	was an operative mortality of 6 percent in isolated ventricular septal  
	defects, compared with 27 percent in cyanotic patients with tetralogy of
	fallot .
Contents for document 555:
	study of phosphate excretion by the stop-flow
	technique
	m. de myttenaere
	the stop-flow technique has been applied to the dog in an attempt to
	rule out tubular secretion of phosphate and to locate the site of action of
	parathyroid hormone (p.t.h.) on the renal tubule.  under the experimental
	conditions used, no significant inward transtubular movement of p32 could be
	demonstrated, ruling out tubular secretion of phosphate.  stop-flow
	experiments performed in parathyroidectomized dogs before and after p.t.h.
	administration demonstrated inhibition of phosphorus reabsorption by the
	hormone.  in addition, the stop-flow pattern indicated that this
	phenomenon took place mainly in the distal part of the proximal tubules.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 7

P@10: 0.6
Recall@10: 0.4
AP@10: 0.35888888888888887
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 8: the effects of drugs on the bone marrow of man and animals,
specifically the effect of pesticides.  also, the significance
of bone marrow changes.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 52        | 48.525032 |  R  |
|2    | 430       | 44.006466 |     |
|3    | 427       | 43.594543 |     |
|4    | 658       | 42.921917 |     |
|5    | 265       | 42.692154 |  R  |
|6    | 61        | 41.179737 |  R  |
|7    | 431       | 39.474308 |     |
|8    | 274       | 39.424160 |     |
|9    | 123       | 39.053493 |  R  |
|10   | 1028      | 38.359283 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 52:
	blood and bone marrow damage caused by drugs .                          
	  drug side effects on blood and bone marrow are briefly reviewed . they
	embrace a wide variety of symptoms and pathogenetic mechanisms, and in  
	recent years study of these effects has made important contributions to 
	our knowledge of the immunology, biochemistry and metabolism of the     
	blood cells .
Contents for document 430:
	2045. the effect of
	unilateral limb shield-
	ing on the haemopoietic
	response of the
	guinea-pig to gamma
	irradiation
	guineapigs were exposed to
	150 r  -irradiation
	whilst approx. 1/5 of the total bone
	marrow was protect-
	ed by shielding 2 limbs.  quantitative
	cell counts of both
	the shielded and irradiated marrow
	were combined with
	observations on the thymus, spleen
	and blood during the
	recovery period, and compared
	with the effects of whole-
	body irradiation.  following
	whole-body irradiation
	(150 r) the thymus shows a
	delayed secondary cellular
	depletion coinciding with a
	marked splenic hyperplasia.
	both phenomena were eliminated
	by limb shielding.  the
	lymphocytes in the irradiated
	marrow of partially shiel-
	ded animals continued to show
	both the overshoot and the
	secondary fall in numbers which
	characterize recovery
	from whole-body irradiation
	(150 r).  after an initial fall
	in numbers of erythroid and
	granulocytic precursors,
	the shielded marrow showed
	a temporary increase in
	granulocytopoiesis coinciding
	with an abortive phase of
	granulocytopoiesis in the irradiated
	marrow.  there was
	no evidence of any effective colonization
	of irradiated
	marrow by cells from the shielded marrow.
	the signi-
	ficance of these findings is discussed.
Contents for document 427:
	1786. studies of the
	leucocyte compartment
	in guinea-pig bone
	marrow after acute
	haemorrhage and
	severe hypoxia  evidence
	for a common stem-cell
	after a large acute hemorrhage,
	the absolute le-
	vels of neutrophils, eosinophils, and
	basophils in guinea
	pig bone marrow are considerably
	reduced.  all stages
	of differentiation are involved, the
	decline in myelo-
	blasts and promyelocytes being
	particularly marked.
	exposure to severe hypoxia also
	temporarily depresses
	the number of marrow granulocytes.
	bone marrow
	lymphocytes are only slightly reduced
	after a single he-
	morrhage but in the later stages of
	severe hypoxia their
	numbers are greatly reduced.
	assuming the supply of
	stem cells in the bone marrow
	is not unlimited, the de-
	crease in marrow granulocytes
	and lymphocytes follow-
	ing marked erythropoietic stimulation
	appears to favor
	a monophyletic theory of hemopoiesis;
	a heavy demand
	for stem cells to differentiate into the
	erythron may
	temporarily restrict the
	number entering the leukon.  the
	hypoxic animals showed
	a considerable loss of body weight
	and the notable reduction
	of marrow lymphocytes in the
	later stages of hypoxia
	may be specifically related to a
	generalized atrophy of
	lymphoid tissue.  using h3-thymi-
	dine there is evidence
	of active dna synthesis in guinea
	pig metamyelocytes.
	although dna-synthesis was found
	in metamyelocytes of
	normal marrow, after hemorrhage
	these cells form a much
	larger proportion of the total
	synthesizing cells in the
	granulocyte compartment and
	also the ratio of labeled
	metamyelocytes to myelocytes
	is considerably increased.
	microspectrophotometric
	measurements of the feulgen
	dna-content of metamyelo-
	cytes after hemorrhage show
	that there are 2 populations
	of these cells.  one group has
	values typical of resting or
	nonsynthesizing cells but a 2nd
	group shows a complete
	range of dna-values up to levels
	characteristic of those
	found in dividing cells.  certain
	small mononuclear cells
	with minimal but deeply basophilic
	cytoplasm are a dis-
	tinctive group of dna-synthesizing
	cells in marrow af-
	ter hemorrhage.  morphologically,
	there appears to be a
	complete sequence between these
	cells and procrythro-
	blasts.
Contents for document 658:
	further observations of the lymphomas
	of african children
	during 1963, cytopathogenic, filtrable agents were frequently encountered in
	cultures of embryonic human kidney cells following their inoculation with
	supernatant fluids from primary human amnion cultures which had previously been
	exposed to extracts of tumors and other specimens from east african children
	with malignant lymphomas of the kind described by burkitt and others.  the
	results seemed noteworthy because they suggested an intimate association
	between the agents and the disease, and also because of the nature of the
	isolations which involved two phenomena, an initial induction of a peculiar
	spindling and twisting of the amnion cells
	(fig. 1) and subsequently destructive changes
	in kidney cells inoculated with fluid from such altered amnion cultures.  the
	direct inoculation of embryonic kidney cells with extracts of tumors or bone
	marrow never caused cytopathogenic effects nor did the isolated, transmissible
	agents have the capacity to induce the amnion lesions.  nevertheless,
	the two effects were closely associated and clearly related to the specimens.
	the cytopathogenic agents were later cultivated on protein-rich media and
	found to have the characteristics of mycoplasma.  they failed to induce
	tumors in a variety of animals, and serologic tests in which they served as
	antigen gave suggestive but inconclusive evidence of a relationship to the
	disease.  the mycoplasma also failed to induce the amnion lesions caused by
	the specimens.
Contents for document 265:
	autoradiographic study on the origin and fate of small lymphoid cells in
	the dog bone marrow.. effect of femoral artery clamping during in vivo  
	availability of h3-thymidine .                                          
	  the origin and fate of small lymphoid cells in the dog bone marrow    
	were studied autoradiographically by observing the effect of clamping of
	the femoral artery during in vivo availability of h3-thymidine . heavily
	labeled small lymphoid cells appeared in the bone marrow of the clamped 
	leg 3 hours after injection of the tracer and increased in number up to 
	6 days . the labeling indices of these cells, however, were             
	significantly lower than those of control marrow . a possible           
	interpretation is that dog bone marrow contains two populations of small
	lympho id cells, one migrating into the marrow via the blood stream, the
	other originating from local precursor cells within the marrow . there  
	was no evidence for a transformation of migrated small lymphoid cells   
	into erythroblasts during the first 48 hours after injection of         
	h3-thymidine .
Contents for document 61:
	cell populations in the bone marrow of the normal guinea-pig .          
	  quantitative data have been obtained for cell-populations in the bone 
	marrow of the normal 400g guinea-pig based on a study of 25 animals .   
	there was good agreement between two independent groups of observations 
	and an average of 1880000 nucleated cells per c. mm. was found . of this
	total, 27 were lymphocytes, 31 granulocyte precursors and 26 nucleated  
	erythrocyte precursors . whole body populations have been computed and  
	the implications of the findings discussed .
Contents for document 431:
	4311. studies on intravenous transfusion
	of thymus cells and
	lymphnode cells.  iii. influence of
	transfused thymus cells
	and lymphnode cells on the bone
	marrow
	in rabbits transfused with thymus cells and
	lymphnode cells the peripheral blood and
	bone marrow were studied.  the transfusion
	of thymus cells caused a peripheral
	lymphocytosis and a diminution of lymphoid
	cells in the bone marrow of both young
	and adult rabbits.  the transfusion of lymphnode
	cells resulted in a peripheral lympho-
	penia, and an initial increase and a subsequent
	diminution of lymphoid cells in the
	bone marrow.  it is suggested that lymphoid cells
	in the bone marrow may be lympho-
	cytes which are stored or discharged according
	to a variety of conditions.  further-
	more, thymus cells are thought to mobilize
	lymphocytes from the bone marrow to
	the peripheral blood.
Contents for document 274:
	2803. effect of dosage on endotoxin-induced changes in the reticuloendothelial
	system of rabbits
	tissues were removed from rabbits 4
	and 24 hr. following an i.v. injection of 5,
	25, or 200 ug of endotoxin.  explants of
	tissues from normal and injected animals
	were grown in a coagulated plasma medium
	and in medium containing 1 ug/ml of
	endotoxin.  the migration and growth of cells
	were observed during the following week
	of incubation.  the inhibition or stimulation
	of cells of the reticuloendothelial system
	(res) at different host sites after endotoxin
	administration depended on the dosage
	and on the known capacity of different organs
	to take up circulating endotoxin.  macro-
	phage migration was suppressed in cultures
	of spleen removed 4 hr. after a dose of
	hibited by 200 ug, but macrophages in
	lymph node, testis, and thymus showed an in-
	crease in numbers, in extent of migration
	and in phagocytic activity.  widespread
	res stimulation was seen in tissues removed
	24 hr after the largest dose.  in ad-
	dition to the restoration of re cell activity in
	spleen and lung there was a marked
	increase in the migration of large phagocytic
	cells from bone marrow, as well as
	other organs.  macrophages from endotoxin-injected
	animals were as sensitive as
	normal macrophages to added endotoxin in vitro.
Contents for document 123:
	distribution of transfused tritiated cytidine-labeled leukocytes and red
	cells in the bone marrow of normal and irradiated rat .                 
	  in normal rats and after total body irradiation with 550 r of x-rays, 
	the fate in the bone marrow of labeled nucleated and red cells of       
	transfused peripheral blood was observed autoradiographically .         
	  labeled nucleated cells, most of which were lymphocyte-like cells,    
	readily migrated into the marrow parenchyma in normal animals (2 cells/ 
	1,000 parenchymal cells/hr.) . following irradiation to at least 27-51  
	hr., this migration appeared to be relatively increased . beyond this   
	time, parenchymal areas were more difficult to be defined as such .     
	  labeled red cells were rarely observed to enter parenchyma despite the
	presence of nonlabeled erythrocytes within the parenchymal structure    
	after irradiation .                                                     
	  the vascular bed following irradiation increased greatly as the       
	parenchyma diminished to a minimum of less than 10 percent control at 75
	hr . despite these changes in the architecture of the marrow, the       
	average density of labeled cells per area of marrow corresponded to     
	values expected on the assumption of a free-flowing circulation . the   
	technique used at present did not allow us to distinguish, at all times,
	between a free-flowing circulation through intact sinusoids or through  
	areas in which the sinusoidal wall, as such, was destroyed .
Contents for document 1028:
	albinism associated with angiohemophilia.  report of a case.
	   a case is presented of a rare association of albinism
	and angiohemophilia, occurring in a man of 25.
	the bone marrow contained cells resembling proper
	reticulum cells and containing large basophilic granules.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 8

P@10: 0.4
Recall@10: 0.36363636363636365
AP@10: 0.2131313131313131
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 9: the use of induced hypothermia in heart surgery, neurosurgery, head
injuries and infectious diseases.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 421       | 27.077282 |  R  |
|2    | 409       | 26.434593 |  R  |
|3    | 75        | 23.786394 |     |
|4    | 267       | 22.779875 |  R  |
|5    | 30        | 22.392668 |  R  |
|6    | 463       | 21.687204 |     |
|7    | 268       | 20.243063 |  R  |
|8    | 253       | 18.937296 |  R  |
|9    | 412       | 18.881218 |  R  |
|10   | 322       | 17.902760 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 421:
	974. extracorporeal hypothermia without thoracotomy.  an ex-
	perimental study in the use of cold for neurosurgery and
	cancericidal perfusions
	this paper includes minor clinical notes
	on open heart surgery and cancer perfusion
	but contains no experimental information
	on neurosurgery or cancer perfusions.  a
	method of closed-chest hypothermic perfusion
	in 30 dogs is reported.  the authors
	utilize drainage of superior and inferior cavae
	by gravity.  the volume of venous
	drainage sometimes enhanced by transfusions
	or 12.5% low molecular weight dex-
	tran determined the flow rate.  cooling was
	maintained for quite variable periods
	apparently generally to an unspecified
	esophageal temperature.  perfusion time va-
	ried from 30 min. to 4 hr.  animals with
	low flows were perfused longer, had a high-
	er incidence of ventricular fibrillation,
	and a very low survival rate.  eleven ani-
	mals survived.  all had pre-cooling flow
	rates above 40 ml./kg./min., good flow
	rates during the perfusion, and only 3 had
	ventricular fibrillation.  flow rates and
	survival were increased in animals receiving
	low molecular weight dextran.  four-
	teen of 15 animals with ventricular fibrillation
	were defibrillated electrically, 8 re-
	gained 'adequate' cardiac function, but only 3
	survived.  some interesting data on
	regional cooling of the lower half of the body
	is presented.  the authors conclude
	without sufficient evidence that the most
	important factor in the mortality in hypo-
	thermic perfusion is the ability to maintain
	'a flow rate approaching the estimated
	normothermic cardiac output of the animal'
Contents for document 409:
	1106. the simultaneous use of extracorporal circulation and hypothermia in the
	surgery of the heart
	the operative technique of cardiac
	surgery under conditions of deep hypothermia with
	simultaneous use of a pump oxygenator
	and cardiopulmonary bypass is described.  in
	the majority of cases the patients were
	cooled with water at 2 c. and the perfusion
	volume was reduced by more than 50%
	during hypothermia.  in others, a gradient of
	10 c. between blood and water was
	maintained and the perfusion volume was reduced
	by less than 50%.  the data presented
	show that neither technique leads to hypoxic
	changes in the cerebrum and internal
	organs, provided the mean arterial pressure
	is kept between 70 and 90 mm. hg during perfusion.
	the overall mortality in the
	authors' 168 cases - most of which
	had congenital heart disease - was 14.8%.  in 53
	cases of tetralogy of fallot - most
	of them cyanotic - the vsd was closed by taking
	a flap of tissue from the crista supraventricularis.
	in this group mortality was 24.5%.
Contents for document 75:
	postural changes in blood distribution and its relation to the change in
	cardiac output .                                                        
	  (1) cardiac output and the blood content indices of the several parts 
	of the body were measured in 18 subjects including patients with various
	diseases using external radioisotope counting techniques . changes in   
	these 2 parameters induced by standing were compared with each other .  
	  (2) average changes in blood distribution produced by standing were as
	follows . decrease in blood content in the /lung/ (-25 ) and in the     
	/heart/ (-26 ) and increase in the /thigh/ (+56 ) were statistically    
	significant . no significant change was revealed in the /head/, /palm/, 
	/liver/ and /abdomen/ .                                                 
	  (3) cardiac output and stroke volume decreased by standing in most of 
	the cases . recent data were added to those reported previously and were
	treated statistically . average decrease in cardiac output was -13 in 6 
	control cases, -35 in 16 cases with neurocirculatory asthenia and -35 in
	10 cases with hyperthyroidism . the difference was significant between  
	control and neurocirculatory asthenia . standing induced a substantial  
	increase in cardiac output in a case of idiopathic nodal rhythm,        
	although there remains a doubt whether it is the ordinary response in   
	this disease .                                                          
	  (4) significant linear correlation was revealed between per cent      
	change of blood content in the /thigh/ or in the /lung/ and that of     
	cardiac output or stroke volume induced by standing . minimal blood     
	shift was observed when the latter was extreme, and vice versa . this   
	implies as follows.. reactivity of the heart might be influenced by     
	posture, and transmural pressure of veins and or capillaries is probably
	adjusted, as in arterioles, to compensate for changes in cardiac output
Contents for document 267:
	surgical treatment of atrial septal defect under hypothermia .          
	  the technique of inflow occlusion under 30 c. hypothermia was adopted 
	for direct visual correction in 133 consecutive cases of atrial septal  
	defect of the secundum variety and the associated anomalies .           
	  the use of extracorporeal circulation combined with hypothermia was   
	reserved for the repair of two cases of ostium primum defects .         
	  the over-all operative mortality was 4 .                              
	  post-operative evaluation showed that the results have been good in   
	almost all patients, including those with pulmonary hypertension .      
	  since an ostium primum defect requires cardio-pulmonary bypass for its
	closure, the pre-operative recognition of the defect is highly desirable
	in the selection of patients for operation and in planning the procedure
	itself .                                                                
	  the information derived from the clinical examination and appropriate 
	diagnostic studies has been found to be consistently accurate in the    
	pre-operative differentiation of the primum from the secundum defect .  
	therefore, the unexpected discovery of a primum defect at operation was 
	not a problem .                                                         
	  in our experience, open-heart surgery under 30 c. hypothermia for the 
	repair of an atrial septal defect of the secundum type and the          
	associated anomalies is a safe and practical technique and effectively  
	corrects the anomaly with minimal risk .
Contents for document 30:
	some aspects of haemostasis after open-heart surgery .                  
	  synopsis in two groups of patients undergoing extracorporeal          
	circulation with hypothermia, changes were found in the coagulation     
	mechanism which were probably due to the dosage of polybrene            
	administered .                                                          
	  the role of heparin and polybrene and the concept of activation of the
	coagulation mechanism in the production of bleeding after perfusion are 
	discussed .
Contents for document 463:
	4417. value and significance of the prednisolone test in diseases of the kidney
	twelve normal subjects, 18 cases of
	tubulo-interstitial nephropathy, 12 cases of
	glomerular nephropathy and 17 cases
	of other renal disorders were investigated.
	all patients were given a prednisolone
	test, with urine culture before and after the
	test, and in many instances determination
	of the urinary osmolarity; the urinary
	sediment was examined with the sternheimer
	and malbin staining technique and
	with the peroxydase stain to investigate the
	urinary cytology.  with the criteria
	adopted, the test was negative in the normals
	and was positive in 61.1% of the cases
	of chronic pyelonephritis and in 12.1% of the
	remaining cases of unequivocally non-
	infectious renal disease.  the increase of the
	urinary bacterial count after cortico-
	steroid administration, and investigation of the
	various components of the urinary
	sediment also supplied useful diagnostic
	information.  on the contrary, the stern-
	heimer-malbin stain for the urinary
	sediment proved of little use.
Contents for document 268:
	internal cooling for general hypothermia .                              
	  a further presentation is offered on the advantageous use of          
	intragastric temperature control as an adjunct in general hypothermia . 
	a device is described which accomplishes this end with no encountered   
	deleterious side effects, minimal technical involvement, and minor      
	expense . observations are recorded on rates of temperature change      
	according to sex, weight, and type of surgery performed .
Contents for document 253:
	radical operation for ventricular septal defect in infancy .            
	  ventricular septal defect is the most common congenital anomaly of the
	heart in infancy, and has a poor prognosis . we have operated upon 18   
	infants all under one year of age for ventricular septal defect . there 
	has been successful repair in 16 cases .                                
	  at present, hypothermia with a surface cooling method has proved to be
	superior to the artificial heart-lung machine because of the simplicity 
	and the good operative results with its use . in addition, early        
	operation during the infantile period will cause less psychological     
	impact on infants . these advantages are sufficient for us to advocate  
	radical operation of ventricular septal defect in infancy, even         
	including the severely ill children .
Contents for document 412:
	1593. bleeding tendencies associated with profound-hypothermia technics in
	neurologic surgery
	forty-three patients with bleeding intracranial
	aneurysms were operated on under
	deep hypothermia and with the aid of extracorporeal
	circulation.  the open-thorax
	method was used in 18 cases and the closed-thorax
	method in 25.  the following
	points are made  (1) the closed-thorax method
	is considered superior to the open-
	thorax method in several respects; (2) meticulous
	hemostasis is essential to control
	the oozing that occurs during extracorporeal
	circulation under profound hypothermia
	until the heparin antagonist can become
	effective and body temperature can return
	to normal; (3) significant thrombocytopenia
	may develop during extracorporeal cir-
	culation, and inhibition of the thrombin-fibrinogen
	reaction by factors other than
	heparin may cause a major coagulation defect
	and may also, by mimicking the he-
	parin effect, lead to the excessive use of
	heparin antagonists; (4) pathologic changes
	in microcirculation during extracorporeal
	circulation may be determinants of a
	hemorrhagic tendency.
Contents for document 322:
	2431. the natural history of arrhythmias following septal defect reapir
	the repair of 191 atrial and ventricular septal
	defects between 1955 and 1961 was
	reviewed to determine the incidence and prognosis
	of arrhythmias related to operation.
	cases included 90 ventricular septal defects, 61
	atrial defects of the ostium secundum
	type, and 40 of the ostium primum variety.
	nodal rhythms, second degree blocks,
	complete heart block, and flutter or fibrillation that
	persisted after completion of operation
	were analyzed, while intermittent ectopic beats,
	sinus tachycardia, and bundle branch
	blocks were excluded.  fifteen per cent of the
	patients with ventricular defects, 17%
	with ostium primum defects, and 35% with ostium
	secundum defects developed abnormal
	rhythms associated with repair.  of 18 patients whose
	arrhythmias began during operation,
	there were 8 deaths; no fatalities occurred in the 24
	patients who developed arrhythmias
	in the postoperative period.  seven deaths were
	associated with complete heart block and
	one with second degree block.  although only one
	half of the patients who developed
	arrhythmias had pulmonary artery pressure greater
	than 30 mm. hg systolic, all fatalities
	occurred in this group.  four of the deaths followed
	surgery with the use of the pump
	oxygenator in children under 30 months of age.
	thirty-eight per cent of the abnormal
	rhythms that began in the postoperative period
	were nodal.  flutter and fibrillation
	were common following repair of atrial secundum
	defects in patients over 15 yr. of age
	but did not occur in younger patients.  deaths from
	heart block occurred in the first 30 days
	following operation except one, 5 months later.
	survivors of complete heart block reverted
	to a less serious arrhythmia or normal rhythm
	within 3 months.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 9

P@10: 0.7
Recall@10: 0.25
AP@10: 0.206859410430839
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 10: neoplasm immunology.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 52        | 7.990464  |     |
|2    | 543       | 7.374567  |  R  |
|3    | 532       | 7.261313  |  R  |
|4    | 702       | 6.943122  |     |
|5    | 716       | 6.702224  |     |
|6    | 775       | 6.397281  |     |
|7    | 214       | 6.206576  |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 52:
	blood and bone marrow damage caused by drugs .                          
	  drug side effects on blood and bone marrow are briefly reviewed . they
	embrace a wide variety of symptoms and pathogenetic mechanisms, and in  
	recent years study of these effects has made important contributions to 
	our knowledge of the immunology, biochemistry and metabolism of the     
	blood cells .
Contents for document 543:
	266. immunology of the cancer cell: tumour-specific antigens
	after a broad historical survey of immunological
	studies of cancer, a review is given
	of the evidence showing that antigens present in
	normal cells are missing from the
	malignant cells that arise from the same tissue.
	this evidence is considered in con-
	junction with the deletion hypothesis of carcinogenesis,
	and the author emphasizes,
	that in his view, the key event in carcinogenesis
	is enzymatic deletion.  antigenic
	gain and intensification in the course of spontaneous,
	chemical, and viral carcino-
	genesis is reviewed, together with experiments
	demonstrating the existence of
	tumour-specific antigens.  the question is then
	posed: if tumours have specific anti-
	gens, why is evidence for their rejection so scanty?
	the occasional spontaneous re-
	gression points to host resistance but its rarity
	suggests that tolerance generally
	develops.  consideration is given to the
	application of immunological methods to
	therapy and although current achievement
	in this field is limited, new immunological
	stratagems might yet transform the picture.
	finally a plea is made for the integra-
	tion of the disciplines of immunology and
	cellular differentiation.  the prospect is
	raised that through a synthetic and holistic
	approach we might discover the suscepti-
	bility of the cancer cell to re-differentiation
	and re-recognition.
Contents for document 532:
	2570. treatment of canine neoplasms with autogenous vaccinial preparations
	inbred mice with transplantable sarcoma
	and carcinoma were treated with im-
	plants of their tumours which had been
	grown in strains of mice normally resistant
	to the tumours.  complete regression of
	transplantable tumours was noted in 22%
	of the treated mice and 78% had life
	spans double that of untreated controls.
	one dog with spontaneous scirrhous
	mammary carcinoma and another with
	lymphosarcoma were treated with implants
	of their own tumours after growth in
	cortisone-treated mice.  regression of the
	spontaneous neoplasms followed in both
	cases.  it is suggested that growth of a
	neoplasm in a foreign host alters the mole-
	cular structure of the neoplasm, making it
	antigenic when returned to the original
	host.  antigens produced are also effective
	against the original lesions.
Contents for document 702:
	hydrocephalus due to unrecognized cerebellar
	astrocytoma treated by ventriculoatrial
	shunt for four years
	a case of a 9-year-old girl is presented in whom prolonged palliation of signs
	of increased intracranial pressure, presumed to be due to aqueductal
	obstruction, was achieved by means of a ventriculoatrial shunt.  four years
	after placement of the shunt, signs of a cerebellar mass became apparent.
	the neoplasm, a cystic astrocytoma, was subsequently totally resected and
	the shunt was removed.  air studies demonstrating diminution of ventricular
	size within this four year period are compared.
Contents for document 716:
	hydrocephalus
	any present day definition of
	hydrocephalus is very loose.  the
	authors would rather adopt the
	concept that hydrocephalus is an
	abnormal condition characterized
	by excessive amount of cerebrospi-
	nal fluid with or without enlarge-
	ment of the head.
	the most common cause of
	hydrocephalus is arachnoiditis fol-
	lowed by congenital anomalies.  a
	neoplasm is a rare cause.
	the ideal surgical procedure
	is the placement of a ventriculo-
	atrial shunt, using either pudenz
	or halter valves.  where these
	valves cannot be availed of the
	choice is between a conservative
	waiting with medical support and
	ventricular tapping from the older
	surgical shunting procedures, like,
	ventriculo-peritoneal, choroidoplex-
	ectomy, thecal-fimbia, subarach-
	noid-ureteral, and others.
Contents for document 775:
	management of advanced endometrial
	adenocarcinoma with medroxyprogesterone
	acetate
	a basis for progestin therapy for patients
	with advanced endometrial adenocarcinoma
	is presented.  the criteria for selection of
	patients for hormone therapy and the sched-
	ule of administration of medroxyprogester-
	one (provera) is discussed.  evaluation of
	patients for objective changes only, i.e., by
	visual, palpable, histologic, or roentgeno-
	logic means, revealed complete or partial
	remission with significant palliation in 8 of
	20 patients (40 per cent).  response to me-
	droxyprogesterone therapy is apparently re-
	lated to degree of differentiation of the pri-
	mary neoplasm, the well-differentiated le-
	sions being more responsive.  documentation
	of tumor effect by serial biopsies during
	treatment provides an index to the histologic
	changes this progestin produces in suscep-
	tible cases.  the effects of therapy upon
	serial urinary hormone excretion rates is
	documented in several patients.
	on the basis of our experience, the treat-
	ment of patients with advanced endometrial
	adenocarcinoma with the potent progestin
	medroxyprogesterone seems justified.
Contents for document 214:
	studies in sickle cell anemia xxi. clinico-pathological aspects of      
	neurological manifestations .                                           
	  neurologic manifestations are frequent in patients who have sickle    
	cell disease . these manifestations may be the earliest presenting signs
	and symptoms and they are so variable that the patient may be           
	erroneously diagnosed as having conditions such as meningitis,          
	poliomyelitis, subdural hematoma, neoplasm, subarachnoid hemorrhage,    
	lead encephalitis, subacute bacterial endocarditis, and congenital      
	malformations of the brain . furthermore, development of these          
	manifestations cannot be predicted on the basis of the type of crisis   
	involved .                                                              
	  prognosis following neurological involvement is unpredictable, but    
	recurrent episodes, together with abnormal electroencephalographic      
	readings suggest a poor outcome . such patients die or are the victims  
	of rather severe neurological deficits .                                
	  neurological examination of these patients suggests diffuse           
	involvement of the cerebral hemispheres . examination of the            
	pathological material, however, often fails to reveal thromboses . the  
	striking findings are infarcts in the white matter and perivascular     
	hemorrhages .                                                           
	  the thesis that the abnormal neurological findings in these patients  
	are actually due to sickle cell disease is supported by the fact that   
	all such symptoms appear in association with clinical circumstances     
	known to induce sickling . these include surgery and anesthesia, fever  
	and infection .
-------------------------
Metrics for query 10

P@10: 0.2857142857142857
Recall@10: 0.08333333333333333
AP@10: 0.048611111111111105
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 11: blood or urinary steroids in human breast or prostatic neoplasms.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 446       | 21.511225 |  R  |
|2    | 448       | 20.648979 |  R  |
|3    | 451       | 16.883669 |  R  |
|4    | 861       | 16.871021 |     |
|5    | 1031      | 16.746077 |     |
|6    | 453       | 16.340572 |     |
|7    | 444       | 16.189236 |  R  |
|8    | 228       | 16.120962 |  R  |
|9    | 445       | 16.095638 |  R  |
|10   | 699       | 15.808851 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 446:
	3752. steroid excretion in early breast cancer
	patients with advanced breast cancer
	who subsequently fail to respond to adrenalec-
	tomy or hypophysectomy have been
	found to excrete abnormal amounts of the
	urinary metabolites of androgen and
	cortisol.  when similar measurements are
	carried out on patients with early breast
	cancer, it is found that approximately half
	the cases presenting for mastectomy are
	also excreting abnormal amounts of these
	steroids.  subsequent follow-up shows that
	these cases tend to have a poor progno-
	sis, and a trial had therefore been started
	in which the abnormality is being cor-
	rected.  in addition, it seems possible that
	the deficiency in adrogen excretion may
	precede the onset of the disease.  this
	problem is being investigated in a trial
	involving urinary steroid estimations in
	5000 normal women.  the measurements
	are being compared with the subsequent
	development of breast cancer.
Contents for document 448:
	2366. the excretion of oestrone,
	pregnanediol and pregnanetriol in breast
	cancer patients.  ii. effect of ovariectomy,
	ovarian irradiation and corticos-
	teroids.
	the urinary excretion of oestrone,
	pregnanediol and pregnanetriol was determined
	in breast cancer patients at different
	stages of their endocrine treatment.  the
	results demonstrate that corticosteroids
	in substitution doses (cortisone 50 mg. daily
	or prednisone 10 mg. daily, divided in 4
	daily doses) are very effective in depressing
	the excretion of all 3 steroids in postmenopausal
	patients.  this is in agreement with
	the clinical impression that these easily tolerated
	small doses of corticosteroids have
	the same therapeutic effect as adrenalectomy in
	patients with breast cancer.  the
	results indicate that the ovaries may contribute
	to the production of oestrogens for
	many years after the menopause, and that this
	production is depressed by ovarian
	irradiation.  this is in agreement with the clinical
	observation that ovarian irra-
	diation has a therapeutic value in postmenopausal
	women with breast cancer.
Contents for document 451:
	5062. urinary ii-deoxy-17-oxosteroids
	in british and japanese women with
	reference to the incidence of breast cancer
	japanese women excrete more andosterene
	(5a) relative to aetiocholanone (5b)
	than do british women living in tokyo.  the
	mean 5a/5b ratio in the former is 1.3
	and in the latter 1.0, and these means differ
	significantly.  the ratio is markedly
	affected by thyroid function, and thyroid
	disease has been reported to affect the
	incidence of breast cancer which in japan is
	only one eighth of that in white women
	in north america or great britain.
Contents for document 861:
	j. clin. endocr. 1965, 25/4 (457-464).
	antagonism between parathyroid extract and adrenal
	cortical steroids in man.
	metabolic balance studies were done in 2
	patients with hypoparathyroidism who
	received hydrocortisone of prednisone
	during the administration of parathyroid
	extract.  administration of prednisone was
	associated with phosphate retention,
	decreased urinary ca, decreased serum
	ca, citrate and glycoprotein concentrations,
	and increased serum phosphate.
	excretion of parathyroid activity in the
	urine of 1 patient was uninfluenced by the
	administration of prednisone.  it is concluded
	that the antagonistic effect of the
	adrenal cortical steroids was expressed
	at the biochemical sites of action of the
	parathyroid extract in bone and kidney,
	that the steroids reduce parathyroid secretion
	but that their administration probably does not
	result in degradation or inactivation of
	the hormone.
Contents for document 1031:
	epsilon-aminocaproic acid (e-aca) as a therapeutic agent based on 5
	years clinical experience.
	   experience in the treatment of 744 patients with
	e-aca suggested that the use of the preparation is indicated
	in the following situations: (1) fibrinolytic haemorrhage
	in association with delivery.  (2) acute systemic
	fibrinolysis in association with surgery.  it is
	mainly major operations on the thorax, pancreas, prostate,
	liver and genital organs that are complicated by
	fibrinolysis, but fibrinolytic bleedings can occur after
	any operation.  (3) acute systemic fibrinolysis in patients
	with cancer, particularly cancer of the prostate
	and pancreas.  (4) systemic fibrinolytic states complicating
	various disorders, especially leukaemia, liver
	cirrhosis and boeck's sarcoid.  (5) as an antidote in
	thrombolytic therapy.  (6) local fibrinolytic activity
	in the urinary tract in the following situations: (a)
	after prostatectomy.  e-aca will substantially reduce
	blood losses following prostatectomy, especially if the
	treatment is continued until the urine has become macroscopically
	clear.  (b) haematuria in prostatic cancer,
	prostatic hyperplasia, prolonged haematuria after traumatic
	injury of the kidney, haematuria in haemophilia and
	other coagulation defects, and so-called essential haematuria.
	(7) ulcerative colitis.  the drug is equally effective
	whether given orally or intravenously.  in states
	with increased systemic fibrinolytic activity a dose of
	0.1 g per kg body weight every 4-5 hours is recommended.
	for inhibition of local fibrinolytic activity in
	the urinary tract, a dose of 3 g three times a day has
	proved sufficient.  the side-effects consisted of dizziness,
	nausea and diarrhoea.  no toxic effects of the drug on
	e.c.g., blood picture, n.p.n. and liver function tests
	were observed, not even in cases receiving more than
	1000 g of e-aca.  nor did postmortem examination in
	46 cases reveal any signs of a toxic effect.  no signs of
	intravascular coagulation in connection with e-aca
	therapy were observed.  the incidence of thromboembolic
	complications after prostatectomy in patients
	treated with e-aca and a series of controls was identical.
	judging from the authors' experience in this material
	e-aca did not act as an agent inducing thrombosis.
Contents for document 453:
	5319. urinary porter-silber chromogens
	following intravenous metho-
	pyrapone and acth in patients with breast cancer
	urinary porter-silber chromogens have been
	measured in 2 groups of patients
	with breast cancer before, during and after
	intravenous methopyrapone and
	acth administration.  the control group
	consisted of females free of disease
	5 years or more following mastectomy while
	the study group had documented
	metastatic disease.  no significant difference in
	the urinary porter-silber chromo-
	gens was found between the 2 groups on any day
	during the course of the study and
	were within the range of normal as measured
	in this laboratory.  it is concluded
	that the functional reserve capacity for both
	pituitary acth secretion and adreno-
	cortical steroidogenesis in patients with
	advanced metastatic breast cancer is rela-
	tively normal.
Contents for document 444:
	5274. urinary excretion of estrone,
	estradiol and estriol by patients with
	prostatic cancer and benign prostatic
	hypertrophy
	and hopkins c.e.
	urinary estrone, estradiol, and estriol
	fractions excreted by 21 patients with
	prostatic cancer, 17 patients with benign
	hypertrophy, and 59 clinically well
	subjects were assayed to determine whether
	differences exist.  absolute levels of
	estrone, estradiol, and estriol fractions were
	not significantly different.  the
	excretion of relatively lower levels of estrone
	and estradiol, and relatively higher
	levels of estriol by patients with prostatic
	cancer compared to clinically well
	subjects resulted in significantly lower
	proportions of the total estrogen being
	excreted as estrone and estradiol.  differences in
	the proportions of estrogen frac-
	tions between patients with benign hypertrophy
	and clinically well subjects were
	not significant.  with the exception of a significantly
	higher percentage of the total
	estrogen being excreted as estrone by the patients
	with benign hypertrophy,
	differences between that group and the cancer
	group were also not significant.
	clinical variations between the 3 groups, and
	within the cancer and hypertrophy
	groups, preclude assignment of significant
	differences to prostatic dystrophies
	alone.  cancer patients experiencing inanition
	due to a loss of appetite excreted
	significantly lower levels of estrone than patients
	who reported no loss of appetite.
	significantly lower levels of estrone were excreted
	by patients with benign hyper-
	trophy hospitalized 6 days or more compared to
	patients hospitalized 5 days or less.
	a significantly higher urinary estrone-androsterone
	ratio was present in the cancer
	group than in the clinically well group.  it is not
	believed, however, that an arbi-
	trary ratio can be used to suggest an internal
	estrogen-androgen imbalance.
Contents for document 228:
	urinary excretion of neutral 17-ketosteroids and pregnanediol by        
	patients with prostatic cancer and benign prostatic hypertrophy .       
	  urinary neutral 17-ketosteroid fractions and pregnanediol excreted by 
	21 patients with prostatic cancer, 17 patients with benign hypertrophy, 
	and 59 clinically well subjects were assayed to determine whether       
	differences exist .                                                     
	  patients with prostatic cancer and those with benign hypertrophy      
	excreted significantly less androsterone than the clinically well       
	subjects . a disproportionately lower level of androsterone than        
	etiocholanolone resulted in a significantly lower                       
	androsterone/etiocholanolone ratio in both groups .                     
	  the specificity of the findings is discussed . the lower levels of    
	androsterone excreted by patients with benign hypertrophy were          
	associated with an extended period of hospitalization . patients        
	hospitalized less than 5 days excreted androsterone at levels not       
	significantly different from the clinically well subjects .             
	  lower levels of androsterone excreted by patients with prostatic      
	cancer were not explained by the presence of metastasis, the duration of
	hospitalization, loss of appetite, or other definable differences, when 
	each was considered singly . the possible interrelationships of clinical
	differences prevent assigning lower excretion levels to the cancer state
	alone .
Contents for document 445:
	28029 enzymic synthesis of steroid
	sulfates.  ii. presence of steroid sulfo-
	kinase in human mammary carcinoma
	extracts
	extracts of human primary and secondary
	mammary carcinomas were shown to
	contain steroid sulfokinase(s) in every case
	examined.  examination of normal
	breast tissue surrounding the tumors revealed
	very weak steroid sulfokinase
	activity in some instances.  this was thought to
	be due to the fibrous nature and
	poor cellularity of the normal breast tissue.
	normal ovarian tissue specimens,
	obtained from cancer patients undergoing
	oophorectomy, did not generally
	contain the enzyme, but trace levels were detected
	in 1 of 5 specimens examined.
	steroids, without necessarily showing conversion
	to steroid sulfate, were observed
	to increase the incorporation of s35-sulfate into
	one of the products formed enzy-
	mically on incubating breast tissue extracts
	with s35-adenosine-3'-phosphate-5'-
	phosphosulfate.
Contents for document 699:
	antidiuretic properties of chlorothiazide
	in diabetes insipidus dogs
	chlorothiazide was found to decrease
	urine volume and increase urine con-
	centration in diabetes insipidus dogs.
	there was no change in gfr, rpf,
	tmpah, plasma volume, extracellular
	fluid or total body water.  the one con-
	sistent altered function was a decrease
	in "free water" clearance.  diazoxide and
	mercuhydrin were not antidiuretic.  it is
	believed that the antidiuretic action is
	dependent on the chlorothiazide-induced
	saluresis.  although the mechanism of
	this antidiuresis has not been clearly de-
	fined, it seems best explained by postu-
	lating a decrease in filtrate reaching the
	distal nephron (giving a decreased final
	urine volume) coupled with inhibition of
	solute reabsorption in the distal tubule
	(preventing the selective reabsorption of
	solute in the distal tubule that is nor-
	mally seen, accounting for the increase
	in urine concentration).  the possible
	role of the mineralocorticoids in the
	antidiuretic response to chlorothiazide
	therapy was investigated in diabetes in-
	sipidus and adrenalectomized dogs.  ad-
	ministration of sodium-retaining steroids
	to diabetes insipidus dogs did not re-
	produce the urinary changes associated
	with chlorothiazide therapy.  in addition,
	the antidiuretic response to chlorothia-
	zide was not altered by adrenalectomy
	or spironolactone administration.  there-
	fore, the presence of the sodium-retain-
	ing steroids are not essential for the anti-
	diuretic response of chlorothiazide in
	diabetes insipidus.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 11

P@10: 0.6
Recall@10: 0.3333333333333333
AP@10: 0.2701719576719577
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 12: effect of azathioprine on systemic lupus erythematosus, particularly
in regard to renal lesions.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 365       | 32.270191 |  R  |
|2    | 373       | 30.313417 |     |
|3    | 19        | 30.274002 |  R  |
|4    | 367       | 27.045492 |  R  |
|5    | 371       | 24.218113 |     |
|6    | 20        | 23.147181 |  R  |
|7    | 220       | 21.422369 |     |
|8    | 364       | 21.299740 |  R  |
|9    | 49        | 18.468332 |     |
|10   | 1031      | 17.665215 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 365:
	2469. the nature of collagen disease, particularly of systemic lupus
	erythematosus (sle), with special reference to renal lesions (japanese)
	from the results of examination of 161 autopsy cases of collagen diseases,
	rheumatic fever and polyarteritis nodosa (pn) are considered as diseases of
	hyperergic nature, showing pronounced specific manifestation in particular
	organs.  as the reactivity becomes lower, this specific localization becomes
	less significant and many organs become affected in sle.  it may accordingly be
	supposed that sle is not a disease of hypersensitivity but one occurring in
	a state of exhaustion of reactability after prolonged sensitization.  moreover,
	a sle-like syndrome arises not only in the end stage of parasepsis, nephritis,
	nephrosis and some cases of prolonged sensitization by myco.tb but also in
	pn,pss,dm and rheumatism.  it may therefore be conceivable that sle is
	a syndrome rather than a separate entity.  it is most important to consider
	whether sle-like symptomatology may be regarded as a process equal to
	an auto-immunization and whether the key to morphological elucidation of the
	auto-immune phenomenon may lie hidden in this problem.
Contents for document 373:
	. on chorea, lupus erythematosus, and cerebral arteritis
	a woman aged 33 developed chorea 10 yr after the onset of systemic lupus
	erythematosus (sle).  she had experienced an asymptomatic interval of
	8 yr.  the abnormal movements persisted for 5 mth, but then subsided
	after short-term administration of 6-mercaptopurine.  there are 11 previous
	descriptions of chorea patients with sle.  in 3 out of 4 autopsied cases,
	extensive cerebral lesions due to diffuse arteritis were found.  the cns
	changes were quite similar to those found in chorea minor.
Contents for document 19:
	systemic lupus erythematosus and renal transplantation.. report of two  
	cases .                                                                 
	  two cases of systemic lupus erythematosus along with terminal uremia  
	secondary to lupus nephritis are presented . both patients were treated 
	with renal hemodialysis and transplantation . certain mechanical,       
	infectious, and immunologic problems were responsible for their death . 
	there was no evidence of resurgence of lupus erythematosus in either    
	patient, and the transplanted kidneys did not show evidence of lupus    
	nephritis . renal transplantation should be considered as a last resort 
	in treatment of patients with terminal lupus nephritis .
Contents for document 367:
	2475. lupus erythematosus with fatal hemorrhage into the liver and lesions
	resembling those of periarteritis nodosa and malignant hypertension.
	immunocytochemical observations
	a firmly established case of lupus erythematosus with histologic
	characteristics of periarteritis nodosa and fatal hemorrhage is presented.
	immunocytochemical studies were done to explore the possibility of the vascular
	lesions being immunological in type.  by immuno-fluorescent techniques
	y-globulin, human serum complement, albumin and fibrinogen were demonstrated in
	the vascular lesions.  y-globulin in the renal glomeruli was associated only
	with complement.  the conclusion is that lupus erythematosus is primarily an
	immunological disease with complex auto-immune mechanisms operative.
Contents for document 371:
	897. chronic renal diseases and pregnancy  a review
	a review is given of the reciprocal relationships between chronic renal disease
	and pregnancy.  after a short review of the most important changes in renal
	function due to normal pregnancy, the diagnosis of chronic renal disease is
	discussed.  subsequently, the following complications of pregnancy are
	discussed individually  chronic pyelonephritis, chronic glomerulonephritis,
	lupus erythematosus, the nephrotic syndrome, diabetic nephropathy and
	polycystic disease of the kidney.  the paper is concluded by a discussion on
	the influence of pregnancy on the different renal affections.
Contents for document 20:
	arteritis and localised periosteal new bone formation .                 
	  1. three patients with localised periosteal new bone formation        
	associated with periosteal arteritis and other evidence of systemic     
	lupus erythematosus are described .                                     
	  2. systemic steroid therapy was valuable in the management of this    
	condition .
Contents for document 220:
	cerebro-vascular lesions and livedo reticularis .                       
	  extensive livedo reticularis has been observed in one man and five    
	women who have suffered from a series of cerebrovascular lesions . the  
	neurological disabilities have included aphasia, homonymous hemianopia  
	and hemiplegia but have been remarkable for the degree of recovery which
	has occurred . it is presumed that the livedo which has been found in   
	only one patient without neurological lesions is related to the         
	cerebrovascular incidents . investigations have failed to show any      
	evidence of polyarteritis nodosa, disseminated lupus erythematosus and  
	thrombocythaemia and an arteritis of unrecognized type is suggested as  
	the etiology .
Contents for document 364:
	2120. thioguanine in the treatment of certain autoimmune, immunologic and
	related diseases
	the therapeutic effectiveness of 6-thioguanine has been evaluated over the past
	3 years in 19 patients with diverse syndromes.  only patients with severe
	debilitating disease unresponsive to conventional therapy were treated.
	remissions occurred in 2 of 5 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, in 1
	patient each with dermatomyositis and necrotizing angiitis, 2 patients with
	psoriasis and 2 of 4 patients with atopic disease.  improvement occurred in
	other patients with these diseases and in 2 of 4 patients with
	neurodermatitis.  two patients with scleroderma experienced only
	equivocal benefit.  significant toxicity attributable to the drug
	was observed in 5 patients.  assessment of the eventual value of
	these agents in therapy requires further study.  hypotheses regarding the
	mechanism of action of these agents and the significance of clinical
	response are discussed.
Contents for document 49:
	the effect of selenium on the upper respiratory passages .              
	  results are reported of examination of workers exposed to selenium,   
	with special reference to chronic changes in the respiratory passages . 
	the findings are the same as reported in the literature . we emphasize  
	the occurrence of teleangiectasias on the uvula and on the posterior    
	palatinal arcs and on the epiglotis . we describe the occurrence of the 
	first poisoning with selenium xyde in this country . the poisoning      
	healed within a few days under symptomatic treatment . the patient had  
	however to be transferred into another shop owing to frequent symptoms  
	due to toxic effect of selenium . we report also on secondary findings  
	in examination of chronic changes and we emphasize particularly the     
	finding of profesional selenium external otitis .
Contents for document 1031:
	epsilon-aminocaproic acid (e-aca) as a therapeutic agent based on 5
	years clinical experience.
	   experience in the treatment of 744 patients with
	e-aca suggested that the use of the preparation is indicated
	in the following situations: (1) fibrinolytic haemorrhage
	in association with delivery.  (2) acute systemic
	fibrinolysis in association with surgery.  it is
	mainly major operations on the thorax, pancreas, prostate,
	liver and genital organs that are complicated by
	fibrinolysis, but fibrinolytic bleedings can occur after
	any operation.  (3) acute systemic fibrinolysis in patients
	with cancer, particularly cancer of the prostate
	and pancreas.  (4) systemic fibrinolytic states complicating
	various disorders, especially leukaemia, liver
	cirrhosis and boeck's sarcoid.  (5) as an antidote in
	thrombolytic therapy.  (6) local fibrinolytic activity
	in the urinary tract in the following situations: (a)
	after prostatectomy.  e-aca will substantially reduce
	blood losses following prostatectomy, especially if the
	treatment is continued until the urine has become macroscopically
	clear.  (b) haematuria in prostatic cancer,
	prostatic hyperplasia, prolonged haematuria after traumatic
	injury of the kidney, haematuria in haemophilia and
	other coagulation defects, and so-called essential haematuria.
	(7) ulcerative colitis.  the drug is equally effective
	whether given orally or intravenously.  in states
	with increased systemic fibrinolytic activity a dose of
	0.1 g per kg body weight every 4-5 hours is recommended.
	for inhibition of local fibrinolytic activity in
	the urinary tract, a dose of 3 g three times a day has
	proved sufficient.  the side-effects consisted of dizziness,
	nausea and diarrhoea.  no toxic effects of the drug on
	e.c.g., blood picture, n.p.n. and liver function tests
	were observed, not even in cases receiving more than
	1000 g of e-aca.  nor did postmortem examination in
	46 cases reveal any signs of a toxic effect.  no signs of
	intravascular coagulation in connection with e-aca
	therapy were observed.  the incidence of thromboembolic
	complications after prostatectomy in patients
	treated with e-aca and a series of controls was identical.
	judging from the authors' experience in this material
	e-aca did not act as an agent inducing thrombosis.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 12

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.5555555555555556
AP@10: 0.412037037037037
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 13: bacillus subtilis phages and genetics, with particular reference
to transduction.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 197       | 27.929022 |  R  |
|2    | 196       | 22.224182 |  R  |
|3    | 481       | 20.379871 |  R  |
|4    | 195       | 20.055803 |  R  |
|5    | 146       | 19.059116 |  R  |
|6    | 470       | 16.302710 |  R  |
|7    | 339       | 16.298534 |     |
|8    | 701       | 15.955746 |     |
|9    | 198       | 15.955266 |  R  |
|10   | 624       | 15.458708 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 197:
	transduction in bacillus subtilis .                                     
	  (i) comparative examinations have shown that the temperate subtilis   
	phages can be divided into two groups . b. subtilis strain nrs 231 was  
	an adequate common host sensitive to all the examined temperate phages .
	  owing to certain technical advantages this strain was found suitable  
	for the titration subtilis phages .                                     
	  (ii) some cultural differences have been revealed among substrains of 
	b. subtilis 168 ind auxotrophs maintained in various laboratories .     
	cells in one of these cultures were partly capable and partly incapable 
	of using ammonia . ammonia assimilation was transducible to ammonia     
	negative bacteria .                                                     
	  (iii) after mitomycin c or ultraviolet ray induction the examined b.  
	subtilis strains liberated /bacteriocin/-like principles . this finding 
	is probably analogous to that of seaman et al. concerning pbsx defective
	phages . on the basis of bacteriocin production the examined strains    
	were divided into two groups .                                          
	  (iv) several temperate phages isolated in our laboratory were         
	presumably identical with phage pbs 1 . phage sp 10 differed from these 
	agents both in antigenic structure and in host range .                  
	  (v) transduction by some lysates of pbs 1-type phages was observed at 
	frequencies of the order of 10 . considerably more and less effective   
	phage materials were yielded by some lysogenic transductants . thus     
	transducing phages active in the order of 10 were prepared .            
	  (vi) transduction frequency, in addition to the properties of the     
	phage, was influenced by the physiological condition of bacteria .      
	  (vii) transduction of indole and histidine loci was studied by use of 
	his derivatives of strain 168 ind .
Contents for document 196:
	characterization of bacillus subtilis bacteriophages .                  
	  brodetsky, anna m. (university of california, los angeles), and w. r. 
	romig . characterization of bacillus subtilis bacteriophages . j.       
	bacteriol. 90..1655-1663. 1965.--a group of six phages, sp5, sp6, sp7,  
	sp8, sp9, and sp13, which use the marburg strain of bacillus subtilis as
	host was characterized . these phages, referred to as group 1, were     
	examined for the following properties.. host range, plaque morphology,  
	stability, adsorption kinetics, one-step growth characteristics, calcium
	requirements, serum neutralization, thermal inactivation, and           
	inactivation by ultraviolet irradiation . five unrelated b. subtilis    
	phages, sp3, sp10, pbs1, sp alpha, and sp beta, were included in the    
	studies . when first isolated, none of the group 1 phages was able to   
	replicate efficiently on b. subtilis sb19, a mutant of the /transforming
	/ b. subtilis 168 . host range mutants capable of growth in sb19 were   
	isolated for all of the group 1 phages except sp13, and are designated  
	the /star/ phages (sp5 through sp9 ) . for characterization, sb19 was   
	used as host for the star phages, and another b. subtilis mutant, 168b, 
	was host for sp13 .
Contents for document 481:
	2565. separation of the transforming and viral deoxyribonucleic acids of a
	transducing bacteriophage of bacillus subtilis
	the authors used the transducing b. subtilis
	phage ps 10 and present the fol-
	lowing experimental data  dna isolated from
	ps 10 is effective for transformation
	of competent b. subtilis cells.  ps 10 dna is
	distinguishable from b. subtilis dna
	by its higher density in a cs2so4 gradient and
	its lower thermal denaturation
	temperature.  the transforming activity present
	in dna from ps 10 denatures at
	a temperature characteristic of b. subtilis dna
	rather than of viral dna.  the
	transforming activity of ps 10 dna bands in a
	cs2so4 gradient with bacterial dna.
	this data indicated that bacterial dna is
	incorporated into phage ps 10 without
	being integrated in the viral dna.  this incorporated
	bacterial dna is involved
	in transduction.
Contents for document 195:
	the isolation and morphology of some new bacteriophages specific for    
	bacillus and acetobacter species .                                      
	  the best natural habitat for bacteriophages is probably a semi-solid  
	medium containing actively dividing host bacteria . such conditions are 
	provided for bacillus and acetobacter species in rotting grass and      
	apples, respectively . the bacillus phages found included one with a    
	large head and a contractile tail, and also a so-called killer particle,
	which had a 350 a head and a long contractile tail . this particle had  
	the property of killing but not multiplying within a sensitive cell . a 
	new morphological type of virulent bacillus phage was also isolated,.   
	its head was oblong and the tail consisted of a short needle and a plate
	the one acetobacter phage found resembled coliphage t3 but was of     
	particular interest because of the prominence of the head capsomeres and
	the three-pronged tail .
Contents for document 146:
	comparison of mutation and inactivation rates induced in bacteriophage  
	and transforming dna by various mutagens .                              
	  inactivation and mutation rates were measured for t4 phages and       
	bacillus subtilis transforming dna treated by low ph, nitrous acid, or  
	hydroxylamine at different temperatures . the frequency of mutants      
	increased linearly with time for all three agents, whereas the logarithm
	of survival gave a linear plot only for nitrous acid and low ph . an    
	arrhenius plot showed the same slopes for both inactivation and mutation
	rates after treatment with low ph or nitrous acid,. for the latter agent
	the slope remained unaltered even when the dna was treated in the       
	denaturated state . in contrast, mutation rates obtained after the      
	exposure to hydroxylamine differed greatly for native or denatured dna, 
	phage t4 being intermediate .                                           
	  treatment by low ph or nitrous acid interrupted the genetic linkage   
	between tryptophan and histidine, the interrupting hits being about 1/3 
	as frequent as lethal hits, independent of the temperature .
Contents for document 470:
	6590. structure and function of cross-linked dna. i. reversible denaturation and
	bacillus subtilis transformation
	reaction of nitrous acid with dna
	results in covalent linkage of complementary
	polynucleotide strands.  the resulting
	material denatures reversibly and retains
	biological activity in bacterial transformation.
Contents for document 339:
	670.  steroid aerosol spray in contact dermatitis.
	prophylactic use with
	particular reference to nickel hypersensitivity
	proper use of topical aerosol dexamethasone
	(decadron) spray affords complete
	protection to patients with nickel sensitivity.
	this clinical result is
	confirmed by the results of patch testing
	nickel-sensitive patients with a
	5% nickel sulfate solution and nickel coins.
	a combination of dexamethasone and
	an isopropylmyristate film is necessary
	for successful prophylaxis; the
	individual components alone do not protect
	these patients.  clinical and patch
	test results indicate that a moderate degree
	of protection is afforded to
	patients with paraphenylenediamine sensitivity.
	patch test results indicate
	that the spray does not protect against
	poison ivy and ragweed oleoresin,
	potassium dichromate, certain rubber accelerators,
	and monobenzyl ether of
	hydroquinone.  it affords a moderate protection
	against formaldehyde.  no tests
	were done with patients with formaldehyde
	hypersensitivity.  a fair degree of
	protection was obtained by the use of the spray
	in housewives eczema presumably
	due to irritants present in soap and detergents.
Contents for document 701:
	fibrin and thrombosis in the central nervous system
	in children with particular reference to
	congenital hydrocephalus
	while rare metabolic and degenerative diseases of
	the central nervous system in children are reported
	at great length, the much commoner diseases
	relating to vascular incidents are rarely discussed.
	only those aspects of disease of the central
	nervous system related to thrombosis and the
	deposition of fibrin will be discussed here; diseases
	related to general vasculitis and aneurysm are
	omitted.  the conditions discussed here fall into two
	main categories: first, the presence of thrombosis in
	small blood vessels or in the large superficial veins
	draining the brain, and second, the deposition of
	fibrin either in the ventricles or on the membranes
	overlying the brain in association with thrombotic
	lesions, haemorrhage, or infiltration.
Contents for document 198:
	the carrier state of bacillus subtilis infected with the transducing    
	bacteriophage sp10 .                                                    
	  bacteriophage sp10 may infect bacillus subtilis to form a carrier     
	system . the infected bacteria give rise to infected organisms after six
	or more successive single-colony isolations . about 60 of the spores    
	derived from such an infected culture yield clones that produce phage,  
	and such spores retain their ability to produce phage even after        
	treatment with antiserum and heating at 80 . four hours' incubation of  
	carrier spores in nutrient broth yields cultures having more than 10    
	infective centers per bacterium . cultivation of infected organisms in  
	medium containing sp10 antiserum leads to loss of phage and loss of     
	immunity to phage infection . dna with a density characteristic of viral
	dna can be detected in infected bacteria . extracts of infected bacteria
	contain a phage-induced deoxyribonuclease activity which attacks both   
	phage and bacterial dna in vitro . the phage-bacterial complex is       
	therefore best described as a carrier state .                           
	  the dna of the phage and of b. subtilis are chemically different .    
	enzymatically prepared complementary virus rna has no homology with     
	bacterial dna . the lack of homology of this transducing phage dna with 
	the dna of its host and the failure to form a truly lysogenic           
	relationship reinforce previous conclusions that transducing bacterial  
	dna is incorporated into the sp10 virus particle without any            
	recombination between viral and bacterial dna .
Contents for document 624:
	interpretation within the metaphor
	analytic investigation of the use of the metaphor was first given impetus
	by ella freeman sharpe (1950), who explored the symbolic
	meaning of particular metaphoric phrases with reference to the body
	and libidinal needs.  currently, interest has become focused upon the
	use of the metaphor as a self-conscious, rational therapeutic technique
	of communication, of particular value with those patients who have
	reached "the borderline of sanity".  ekstein (1961) and ekstein and
	wallerstein (1957) have emphasized that the use of the metaphor
	should be regarded as an essential technique for gradually establishing
	communication and initial insight with borderline and schizophrenic
	patients but that it must not be regarded as a treatment technique
	in itself.  it is but a preliminary approximation to the final therapeutic
	act, which ultimately will consist of a classical interpretation
	at the level of the secondary process.  the use of the metaphor derives
	its primary value from maintaining contact with patients who are
	constantly in danger of being inundated by a break-through of primary-
	process material.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 13

P@10: 0.7
Recall@10: 0.3333333333333333
AP@10: 0.32275132275132273
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 14: renal amyloidosis as a complication of tuberculosis and the effects
of steroids on this condition.  only the terms kidney diseases and
nephrotic syndrome were selected by the requester.  prednisone and
prednisolone are the only steroids of interest.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 23        | 55.531044 |  R  |
|2    | 25        | 52.582066 |  R  |
|3    | 371       | 52.389774 |     |
|4    | 26        | 47.649391 |  R  |
|5    | 457       | 46.281807 |  R  |
|6    | 861       | 45.409874 |     |
|7    | 463       | 45.203415 |  R  |
|8    | 460       | 44.929291 |     |
|9    | 365       | 43.760990 |     |
|10   | 466       | 43.736168 |  R  |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 23:
	renal amyloidosis a clinicopathological study .                         
	  the clinical and histopathological data from 40 cases of renal        
	amyloidosis diagnosed by percutaneous renal biopsy are presented .      
	  twenty-two cases were labelled as 'secondary' amyloidosis, as definite
	aetiological factors responsible for renal amyloidosis could be         
	discovered . the predisposing disease states leading to amyloid deposits
	in the kidney in the order of frequency were fibrocaseous pulmonary     
	tuberculosis, bronchiectasis, lung abscess, and ileocaecal tuberculosis 
	five cases were labelled as suspected 'primary' amyloidosis as a      
	definite evidence of the predisposing disease could not be obtained     
	although the skiagram of chest revealed minimal healed foci . no cause  
	could be determined in thirteen cases, which were, therefore, labelled  
	as 'primary' amyloidosis .                                              
	  albuminuria was a constant feature in all the cases and 32 cases      
	presented as nephrotic syndrome . the rest of the cases presented with  
	hypertension or renal failure in addition to albuminuria .              
	  the ancillary procedure, viz., congo-red test, gingival and liver     
	biopsies proved to be of limited value in the diagnosis of renal        
	amyloidosis .                                                           
	  the importance of percutaneous renal biopsy as a diagnostic tool has  
	been emphasised .
Contents for document 25:
	corticosteroid therapy of amyloid nephrotic syndrome .                  
	  the results of treatment with prolonged adrenal corticosteroids in 26 
	adults with amyloid nephrotic syndrome are presented . eight subjects   
	were observed in this series, and 18 additional cases were summarized   
	from the literature . twenty-two of the patients were male and four were
	female . the diagnosis was established by renal biopsy in 19 instances  
	and by autopsy in the others, with 18 patients considered to have       
	primary amyloidosis and 8, secondary amyloidosis .                      
	  the majority of the subjects died in renal failure with an average    
	survival after onset of the disease of 17.6 months . the renal disease  
	was indistinguishable from that seen in other forms of the nephrotic    
	syndrome, with the possible exceptions of (a) a high incidence of       
	purpuric skin lesions, (b) a low or negligible incidence of hypertension
	(at times actual hypotension was prominent), and (c) a rapid and        
	inexorable progression of azotemia despite persistence of the clinical  
	and biochemical characteristics of the nephrotic syndrome . amyloidosis 
	was found by percutaneous renal biopsy in 12 per cent of 83 adults with 
	the nephotic syndrome .                                                 
	  corticosteroids did not appear to affect the progress of the disease  
	and were neither beneficial nor detrimental . in view of the high       
	incidence of deleterious side effects of prolonged corticosteroid       
	therapy and the availability of potent diuretic agents which may be     
	helpful in relieving edema in this disorder, it is felt that            
	corticosteroids are contraindicated in the treatment of amyloid         
	nephrotic syndrome .
Contents for document 371:
	897. chronic renal diseases and pregnancy  a review
	a review is given of the reciprocal relationships between chronic renal disease
	and pregnancy.  after a short review of the most important changes in renal
	function due to normal pregnancy, the diagnosis of chronic renal disease is
	discussed.  subsequently, the following complications of pregnancy are
	discussed individually  chronic pyelonephritis, chronic glomerulonephritis,
	lupus erythematosus, the nephrotic syndrome, diabetic nephropathy and
	polycystic disease of the kidney.  the paper is concluded by a discussion on
	the influence of pregnancy on the different renal affections.
Contents for document 26:
	renal amyloidosis.. a biopsy study .                                    
	  the relationship of the amount of amyloid deposition in the kidney to 
	the clinical picture is reviewed in 14 cases of renal amyloidosis       
	diagnosed by renal biopsy . the large percentage of patients who had the
	nephrotic syndrome (11 patients) probably reflects the criteria for     
	renal biopsy at this institution . the etiology of the amyloid          
	deposition did not seem to be clearly correlated with either the amount 
	of amyloid deposition in the kidney or the severity of the clinical     
	renal disease . all patients had deposits in the glomerulus, and the    
	heavier the deposition the severer the renal disease . of 7 patients who
	had biopsy of the bone marrow, all had abnormal types or numbers of     
	plasma cells . the age range in primary amyloidosis appeared to be about
	the same as that in amyloidosis secondary to myeloma . amyloidosis      
	should be suspected in patients with proteinuria, the nephrotic         
	syndrome, or renal failure .
Contents for document 457:
	2091. modern methods of treatment of visceral amyloidosis in patients with
	pulmonary tuberculosis (russian)
	the immediate and long-term results of
	treatment during 1945-1962 of 414 patients
	with pulmonary tuberculosis complicated
	by amyloidosis were studied.  hormonal
	(corticosteroid) therapy is the pathogenetic
	treatment for visceral amyloidosis and
	is indicated in the proteinuric and early
	edema-hypotonic phase of amyloidosis when
	the functional capacity of the kidneys and
	the liver is still adequate.  in the azotemic
	phase of amyloidosis, hormonal (corticosteroid)
	therapy is not indicated, since it
	leads to rapid deterioration in the patient's
	condition.  since hypoxemia is one of the
	main factors in the pathogenesis of amyloidosis,
	oxygen therapy is rational patho-
	genetic therapy for patients with pulmonary
	tuberculosis complicated by hypoxemia
	and with symptoms of the proteinuric or
	edema-hypotonic phase of amyloidosis
	(without ascites), in the form of
	subcutaneous introduction of oxygen or oxy-
	geno-peritoneum.  in patients with
	pulmonary tuberculosis surgical interven-
	tion on account of the main process
	is indicated only in the early stages of amyloi-
	dosis when pronounced functional
	disorders of the kidneys and liver are absent.  co-
	joint therapy using protein vitamins
	(particularly ascorbic acid), hormonal (corticos-
	teroid) preparations, oxygen and
	desensitizing agents and elimination of all foci of
	infection is indicated in treatment
	of pulmonary tuberculosis with even the earliest
	signs of amyloidosis.
Contents for document 861:
	j. clin. endocr. 1965, 25/4 (457-464).
	antagonism between parathyroid extract and adrenal
	cortical steroids in man.
	metabolic balance studies were done in 2
	patients with hypoparathyroidism who
	received hydrocortisone of prednisone
	during the administration of parathyroid
	extract.  administration of prednisone was
	associated with phosphate retention,
	decreased urinary ca, decreased serum
	ca, citrate and glycoprotein concentrations,
	and increased serum phosphate.
	excretion of parathyroid activity in the
	urine of 1 patient was uninfluenced by the
	administration of prednisone.  it is concluded
	that the antagonistic effect of the
	adrenal cortical steroids was expressed
	at the biochemical sites of action of the
	parathyroid extract in bone and kidney,
	that the steroids reduce parathyroid secretion
	but that their administration probably does not
	result in degradation or inactivation of
	the hormone.
Contents for document 463:
	4417. value and significance of the prednisolone test in diseases of the kidney
	twelve normal subjects, 18 cases of
	tubulo-interstitial nephropathy, 12 cases of
	glomerular nephropathy and 17 cases
	of other renal disorders were investigated.
	all patients were given a prednisolone
	test, with urine culture before and after the
	test, and in many instances determination
	of the urinary osmolarity; the urinary
	sediment was examined with the sternheimer
	and malbin staining technique and
	with the peroxydase stain to investigate the
	urinary cytology.  with the criteria
	adopted, the test was negative in the normals
	and was positive in 61.1% of the cases
	of chronic pyelonephritis and in 12.1% of the
	remaining cases of unequivocally non-
	infectious renal disease.  the increase of the
	urinary bacterial count after cortico-
	steroid administration, and investigation of the
	various components of the urinary
	sediment also supplied useful diagnostic
	information.  on the contrary, the stern-
	heimer-malbin stain for the urinary
	sediment proved of little use.
Contents for document 460:
	1835. the decrease of the steroids in the urine in the course of lung tb.
	(the therapeutic value of their increase after calciferol)
	quantitative determination of the urinary
	steroids in 38 patients with extensive ul-
	cero-caseous pulmonary tb confirmed
	that the 17-ketosteroids are always decreased
	in these cases.  calciferol, in the form
	of one ampoule of vit.  d2 of 600,000 u.
	every 10 days, in combination with active
	tuberculostatic drugs, in the majority of
	the cases leads to an increase of the
	urinary 17-ketosteroids from 50 to 100% in 2
	mth.  it appears that the calciferol
	exerts its action through proteolysis; it stimulates
	the liquefaction and evacuation of the
	caseous material.  this proteolytic effect is
	related to that of the mineralocorticoids,
	which are phlogistic and proteolytic sub-
	stances.  calciferol offers the advantage
	over these substances that it does not affect
	the electrolytes and is well tolerated by
	the organism.  for this reason, good results
	may be expected from its administration
	in cases of extensive pulmonary tb, in
	which the myc. tuberculosis has remained
	sensitive to the administered tuberculostic
	drugs but nevertheless does not proceed
	towards recovery because of the marked caseous
	lesions.  in such cases calciferol treatment
	leads to a rapid and pronounced decrease
	of the radiological shadows, improves the
	general condition and also modifies the
	steroid metabolism rendered abnormal by the disease.
Contents for document 365:
	2469. the nature of collagen disease, particularly of systemic lupus
	erythematosus (sle), with special reference to renal lesions (japanese)
	from the results of examination of 161 autopsy cases of collagen diseases,
	rheumatic fever and polyarteritis nodosa (pn) are considered as diseases of
	hyperergic nature, showing pronounced specific manifestation in particular
	organs.  as the reactivity becomes lower, this specific localization becomes
	less significant and many organs become affected in sle.  it may accordingly be
	supposed that sle is not a disease of hypersensitivity but one occurring in
	a state of exhaustion of reactability after prolonged sensitization.  moreover,
	a sle-like syndrome arises not only in the end stage of parasepsis, nephritis,
	nephrosis and some cases of prolonged sensitization by myco.tb but also in
	pn,pss,dm and rheumatism.  it may therefore be conceivable that sle is
	a syndrome rather than a separate entity.  it is most important to consider
	whether sle-like symptomatology may be regarded as a process equal to
	an auto-immunization and whether the key to morphological elucidation of the
	auto-immune phenomenon may lie hidden in this problem.
Contents for document 466:
	3535. electron microscopic study of six cases of human renal amyloidosis
	this study is particularly concerned
	with  (a) the basal membrane in the different
	stages; and (b) the intercapillary spaces
	in the early stages.  the conclusions may
	be put as follows  (1) the amyloid substance
	seems to have a fibrillar structure
	from the start.  (2) when the walls of the
	peripheral capillary loops are thickened
	by voluminous amyloid deposits, the
	hyaline aspect of the primitive basal membrane
	persists, but its structure is altered by
	the presence of multiple amyloid fibrils.
	(3) on the other hand, in the initial stages,
	amyloid fibrils cannot be seen in the
	'lamina densa' of the basal membrane; they
	only appear on the epithelial and endo-
	thelial surfaces of the membrane.  this suggests
	that amyloidosis represents an
	abnormal precipitate of extrinsic origin, rather
	than a transformation 'in situ'
	of the basal membrane.  (4) in the very early stages
	of amyloid infiltration into the
	glomeruli the fibrillar substance is found first in
	the intercapillary spaces, only
	later does it reach the peripheral capillary walls.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 14

P@10: 0.6
Recall@10: 0.375
AP@10: 0.3040178571428571
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 15: homonymous hemianopsia in visual aphasia, particularly
measurement and assessment.  gerstmann's syndrome and agnosia are also
of interest.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 355       | 31.627653 |  R  |
|2    | 350       | 30.671457 |  R  |
|3    | 361       | 29.454021 |  R  |
|4    | 107       | 27.931534 |  R  |
|5    | 106       | 23.807734 |     |
|6    | 102       | 22.127209 |  R  |
|7    | 218       | 21.896013 |  R  |
|8    | 353       | 21.339542 |  R  |
|9    | 358       | 21.320839 |  R  |
|10   | 365       | 20.649569 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 355:
	1303. the problem of visual agnosia
	this is a critical assessment of the ancient and modern theories on visual
	agnosia.  an original description of the subjective world of these patients is
	also given.  visual agnosia is a rare disorder, but it has led to comprehensive
	discussions, for instance, by the fact that the problem of normal visual
	perception is always involved.  bay's view, which denies the existence of
	agnosia as a separate phenomenon in perception disorders, is especially dealt
	with.  it is affirmed that no case has been described in the literature
	in which visual agnosia is decidedly a pure and isolated phenomenon.
	mostly there are also disturbances in the intellectual interpretation of visual
	data.  often there is metamorphopsia or asthenopia.  there is no localized
	prestriate gnostic center for visual impressions.  the older concept of higher
	and lower levels of perception and perception disorders is also criticized.
	visual perception is not a passive, but a very active process, in which
	neurophysiological and psychological aspects are involved.
	each of these can be
	disturbed, leading to various degrees of visual perception disturbance.
Contents for document 350:
	1288. the symptomatology of the parietal cerebral syndrome of the dominant
	hemisphere.  parietal dyslexia and conduction aphasia
	this is a very comprehensive study on a patient.  in the beginning there was
	a pronounced gerstmann's syndrome, with autotopagnosia for parts of the face,
	dyspraxia and constructive apraxia and dyslexia.  the autotopagnosia and mild
	left-right disturbances showed marked regression.  actual hemianopsia was
	not observed, but tachistoscopy revealed that perception of the right field of
	vision was poor.  audiometric examination showed a conduction deafness and
	disturbed binaural word synthesis.  the disturbances were examined
	meticulously and tested for symptom relationships, which became evident
	in the various factors concerned with creative ability.
Contents for document 361:
	375. hemianopsia and glaucoma
	after a discussion of the bibliographic references to the few observations on
	the simultaneous occurrence of hemianopsias and glaucoma the author states on
	the basis of his experiences the following points  homonymous hemianopsias
	occasionally take place in glaucoma, although no direct relation can be
	established between the former and the glaucoma.  it has to be pointed out,
	however, that in other older patients, for example in those with retinal
	detachment, neuritis, etc. who are likewise subjected to repeated and exact
	perimetry, such hemianopsias do not occur, or are to be found at a lesser rate
	than in glaucoma.  a homonymous hemianopsia has to be taken into consideration
	also in the event of a sudden impairment of the visual field in a glaucomatous
	patient or when the hemianopic defect supervenes in addition to the visual
	field defect due to glaucoma.  in cases of binasal hemianopsia, the
	simultaneous presence of glaucoma is not a rare incident.  whether the
	binasal hemianopsia is the result of the gradual development of a
	glaucomatous visual field with nasal defects or whether it constitutes an
	independent symptom to a certain extent, cannot always be clarified
	in the individual case.  obviously the condition of the basal cerebral
	vessels plays a certain role in the development of glaucoma, even if
	this role cannot be clearly defined as yet.  in cases of
	binasal hemianopsia, a glaucoma has to be ruled out before radical diagnostic
	and therapeutic measures are carried out.
Contents for document 107:
	disturbances of the verbal body image.. a particular syndrome of sensory
	aphasia .                                                               
	  1. the pto syndrome of the dominant hemisphere varies according to the
	extent and depth of the lesion in the angular and supramarginal areas . 
	the mildest clinical syndrome consists of a vague contralateral sensory 
	impairment associated with dyscalculia, dysgraphia, dyslexia and        
	difficulty in naming . a more extensive lesion is needed to cause the   
	wide variety of classical signs described in parietal lobe disease,     
	among them being gerstmann's syndrome, which is usually found in        
	association with other manifestations of parietal loss (case 1) . an    
	even more extensive corticosubcortical lesion in the area leads to      
	complete disintegration of naming and understanding of speech (cases 3, 
	4 and 5) .                                                              
	  2. attention is drawn to the difficulties arising from lack of        
	differentiation between the concrete gnostic body image and the abstract
	verbal body image in investigation of these patients . the aphasic      
	syndrome should be differentiated from disturbances of gnosis by        
	application of separate, non-verbal methods of testing to elicit the    
	impairment of the gnostic body image . the latter may be well           
	compensated for and it is apparently unimpaired in the presence of an   
	aphasic syndrome limited to the verbal body image .                     
	  3. disturbances of speech in pto lesions if investigated along        
	quantitative scales of impairment of repetition, understanding and      
	naming, show a regular interrelation . nomination is the most affected, 
	understanding is less affected . repetition is the best preserved       
	function (cases 1-4) . the same interrelation of these functions is     
	found with regard to the verbal body image . however, understanding and 
	naming of parts of the body show far greater disintegration than        
	understanding and naming of any other categories of words (all cases    
	presented here) . if the aphasic syndrome is subsiding, finger aphasia  
	with some other minor disturbances of verbal body image associated with 
	acalculia may persist (case 1) . thus gerstmann's /finger agnosia/ may  
	represent a partial impairment of the verbal body image and be limited  
	to finger aphasia .                                                     
	  4. it is assumed that the verbal body image differs from other        
	categories of verbal symbols owing to the mainly proprioceptive,        
	vestibular and tactile experience forming its specific physiologic      
	background . telereceptive experience is of minor importance in the     
	initial development of the understanding of words defining the body     
	image .                                                                 
	  in the patients described here, the selectively worse aphasic         
	impairment of the verbal body image, as compared with other categories  
	of words, seem to confirm this assumption .
Contents for document 106:
	anaphylactoid shock induced by oral penicillin and resulting in         
	gerstmann's syndrome .                                                  
	  an anaphylactoid reaction to oral penicillin in a 46-year-old woman is
	described.. after hours of unconsciousness and weeks of confusion she   
	was left with a residual gerstmann's syndrome . these reactions are less
	rare than is generally supposed . symptomatology, treatment, diagnosis, 
	and mechanism are discussed, and some of the relevant literature is     
	briefly reviewed .
Contents for document 102:
	frontal lobes and vision .                                              
	  the influence of the frontal lobe on vision is discussed based on the 
	presentation of a rather unusual case . after the operation of a right  
	frontal brain abscess, which never had led to papilledema, there was a  
	pronounced diminution of the visual capacities of the patient,.         
	gradually these disturbances regressed to the point of return of full   
	visual acuity,. but there remained a hemianopic field defect . this and 
	psychological defects in the sense of a partial visual agnosia (which   
	latter are also regressing very well) prompted a discussion of those    
	neuroanatomical and neurophysiological observations pertinent to the    
	findings in this patient . the many data on the fronto-occipital        
	connections in subhuman primates point to the role of the frontal lobe  
	(area 8) in the development of visual disturbances in the sense of a    
	temporary hemianopia with partial visual agnosia and some intellectual  
	deficits . contrary to a single observation in an anthropoid ape, our   
	case would seem to indicate that the aforementioned combination of      
	symptoms may originate in the frontal lobe,. and we hope it will prompt 
	other long-term follow-up studies of similar patients . the continued   
	observation of this patient and perhaps of others will give a           
	possibility to gain insight into the role of the frontal lobe in vision,
	as has been assumed for animals .
Contents for document 218:
	implications of gerstmann's syndrome .                                  
	  of 465 consecutive patients subjected to a standardized battery of    
	neuropsychological tests, 111 had one or more components of gerstmann's 
	syndrome . each of these 111 patients had some evidence of organic brain
	dysfunction in addition to gerstmann components . as the number of      
	gerstmann components increased, the responsible brain lesions tended to 
	be larger, more highly destructive of tissue, and to cause greater      
	neurological impairment . every patient with four gerstmann components  
	had associated evidence of severe impairment of brain functions and the 
	lesion or underlying disease was likely to compromise survival of the   
	patient . the syndrome is not to be regarded as an autonomous entity,   
	but merges with numerous other neurological deficits, notably dysphasia 
	in agreement with benton, we find no justification for singling out   
	the four gerstmann components as a separate syndrome, unless one is also
	prepared to recognize that any other arbitrary groups of concurrent     
	deficits are also separate syndromes .                                  
	  in at least three of 23 patients with all four gerstmann components,  
	the angular gyrus, as shown by necropsy examination, was not involved by
	the lesion . however, the probability that the left hemisphere contained
	a lesion increased with the number of gerstmann components, and the     
	probability of involvement of the left posterior parasylvian area also  
	increased with the increase in the number of gerstmann components . with
	two, three, or four gerstmann components, the lesions were never        
	restricted to the angular gyrus but tended to spread widely over the    
	parietal, temporal, and occipital lobes . as to localizing significance,
	gerstmann's syndrome has approximately the same degree of cogency as    
	dysphasia .
Contents for document 353:
	387. ophthalmic manifestations of bilateral non-occipital cerebral lesions
	twelve patients are described with neuro-ophthalmic symptoms resulting from
	bilateral cerebral lesions in areas other than the occipital lobes.  the
	symptoms and signs are categorized as follows  group i  those showing
	predominant disturbances in visual object recognition (visual agnosia) and
	disturbances of visual spatial localization.  group iia  those having defects
	in voluntary control of eye movements (ocular motor apraxia).  group iib  those
	with persistent palsies of conjugate gaze.  although these symptoms may be
	present to some extent with unilateral lesions, they are much more profound
	and less able to be compensated with bilateral lesions.  the evidence in the
	present cases suggests a biparieto-temporal localization for the lesions
	causing visual agnosia, disturbances of spatial localization, and ocular motor
	apraxia, and a more frontal localization for the lesions causing prolonged
	paralysis of conjugate gaze.
Contents for document 358:
	1388. optic agnosia  semeiological and pathogenetic aspects
	the authors discuss the classical concept of agnosia and make a survey of
	pathogenetical factors which determine its phenomenology.  the original and
	traditional concept of such a term implied the loss of the capacity to
	recognize objects, when the functions of sense organs are undamaged.  the
	psychological studies on perception and the modern physiology of
	vision allow to avoid the dichotomy between sensation and perception and
	to affirm their identity.  cortex and recptors are closely bound and
	function in unison.
	every cortical alteration is thus reflected in sensorial functions; it is
	therefore that on practical semeiological grounds it is possible to obtain a
	congruous information of the corresponding cortical functionality through an
	exploration of sense organs carried out by suitable means.  since we are
	confronted with functional changes, exploration methods must be fit to evaluate
	dynamic aspects of perception in connection with the temporalization and
	spatialization of stimuli.  such methods are now quite numerous and often
	complex  a particular stress is laid on local adaptation, flicker fusion, and
	tachistoscopy on account of their significance and suitability.  by such
	methods it is possible to show those functional deficits or pathological
	disturbances of sensorial functions which are also behind the pathology of
	visual recognition.  fluctuation, extinction, alteration in the perception of
	movement, both real and apparent, changes in adaptation to light and
	darkness are all phenomena which can be detected instrumentally and which,
	at the same time, may be of determinant importance for the onset of 'agnosic'
	behaviour.  the complexity of the latter, on the other hand, cannot always
	be explained by sensorial disturbances only  other mechanisms, with a function
	complementary but not less indispensable to the dynamics of perceptive
	processes, may intervene and interfere in it.  on the basis of the latest
	neurophysiological data the attention is called to ocular motility and
	proprioceptivity, centrifugal innervation of sensorial receptors, and
	vestibular afferences.  a particular clinico-pathogenetical significance is
	attached by the authors to the association of lateral visual disturbances with
	altered proprioceptive and kinesthetic information from the corresponding
	half-body  such association in fact is nearly always present among the factors
	responsible for the most strictly 'spatial' errors of 'agnosic' pathology.  in
	the light of these pathogenetical considerations as well as of suitable
	semeiological findings, the authors deem it convenient to divide their cases
	into 3 categories with distinct clinical features  (a) cases in which altered
	visual behaviour may be related to changes of the visual function and of its
	complementary mechanisms; (b) cases in which hemianopia is associated with
	a homolateral deficit of somatic proprioceptivity; (c) cases in which the
	changes in behaviour are chiefly, but not only, due to a dissolution
	of the symbolic sphere.
Contents for document 365:
	2469. the nature of collagen disease, particularly of systemic lupus
	erythematosus (sle), with special reference to renal lesions (japanese)
	from the results of examination of 161 autopsy cases of collagen diseases,
	rheumatic fever and polyarteritis nodosa (pn) are considered as diseases of
	hyperergic nature, showing pronounced specific manifestation in particular
	organs.  as the reactivity becomes lower, this specific localization becomes
	less significant and many organs become affected in sle.  it may accordingly be
	supposed that sle is not a disease of hypersensitivity but one occurring in
	a state of exhaustion of reactability after prolonged sensitization.  moreover,
	a sle-like syndrome arises not only in the end stage of parasepsis, nephritis,
	nephrosis and some cases of prolonged sensitization by myco.tb but also in
	pn,pss,dm and rheumatism.  it may therefore be conceivable that sle is
	a syndrome rather than a separate entity.  it is most important to consider
	whether sle-like symptomatology may be regarded as a process equal to
	an auto-immunization and whether the key to morphological elucidation of the
	auto-immune phenomenon may lie hidden in this problem.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 15

P@10: 0.8
Recall@10: 0.27586206896551724
AP@10: 0.2570470717022441
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 16: separation anxiety in infancy i.e. up to two years of age and in
preschool children, particularly separation of a child from its mother.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 202       | 46.619743 |  R  |
|2    | 807       | 44.631378 |     |
|3    | 488       | 41.869717 |  R  |
|4    | 36        | 40.170494 |  R  |
|5    | 818       | 39.806316 |     |
|6    | 99        | 39.487259 |  R  |
|7    | 494       | 39.030312 |     |
|8    | 812       | 36.443596 |     |
|9    | 35        | 36.422421 |  R  |
|10   | 800       | 34.406185 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 202:
	stranger and separation anxiety in infancy .                            
	  anxiety responses to strangers and to separations from mother were    
	studied longitudinally in 19 infants between the ages of three and 23   
	months by direct observations and by interviews with the mother .       
	benjamin's hypotheses concerning the differentiation and immediate      
	dynamics of infantile stranger and separation anxiety were supported by 
	the findings . differences in onset, period of highest intensity,       
	termination, and ratios in individuals were found between the two       
	anxieties . tests of the relationship between the two anxieties were    
	supportive of deductive predictions made by benjamin . sex differences  
	in intensity of the two anxieties were found .
Contents for document 807:
	group psychotherapy with preschool
	psychotic children and collateral
	group therapy of their parents:
	a preliminary report of the first two years
	a group approach in the treatment of preschool-aged psychotic children is
	reported.  autism is a defense against loss of the symbiotic partner.  the
	group of children penetrates this defense and forms a "group ego," which
	constitutes one pole of a new therapeutic symbiosis from which
	separation-individuation can occur.
Contents for document 488:
	4854. on the formation of object-relations and identifications of the
	kibbutz child
	some of the issues relevant to the early
	stages of object relation formation and
	identification of kibbutz children are
	discussed.  for this purpose the child rearing
	milieu of the kibbutz child is described
	and some clinical illustrations are given.
	the relationship to the mother is seen
	as the main object-relation and those to the
	educators as transient-interchangeable
	need-satisfying relationships.  on the basis
	of retrospective analytical material it
	appears that in the course of development
	the two relations as well as the two
	respective, originally distinct, object represen-
	tations are synthetised into one.  the
	conditions of communal education, character-
	ised by double object-relation formation
	from birth on, are seen as factors that in-
	tensify the 'normative crisis of infancy',
	especially the transition from the symbio-
	tic to the separation-individuation stage
	of object-relation development.
Contents for document 36:
	separation anxiety as a cause of early emotional problems in children . 
	  in summary, three cases of disturbed behavior in children have been   
	discussed, with particular emphasis on disturbances in feeding,         
	sleeping, and motility . some of the hypotheses have been presented of  
	why such behavior should develop,. the significance of attachment       
	behavior and separation anxiety in infants has been particularly        
	stressed . difficulties in mothering care are threatening to the child's
	sense of security and lead to greater experience of separation anxiety, 
	which may then be reflected in various disturbances or alterations in   
	his behavior . this experience of separation anxiety is the result of   
	early life experience, may reach pathologic proportions, and may account
	for many later problems in children and adults .
Contents for document 818:
	autistic children
	autism is a form of childhood schizophrenia.  a sudden
	separation from his mother or traumatic shock in
	early life causes the child to reject the world of nor-
	mal relationships.  leading him back to the original
	traumatic situation is part of the treatment described
	in this article.
Contents for document 99:
	maternal separation in the rhesus monkey .                              
	  the present study involved separation of eight monkey mother-infant   
	pairs for a period of two weeks and measurement of the behavior of the  
	infants before, during and after reunion with their mothers, and of the 
	mothers before and after reunion . all infants showed emotional         
	disturbance in response to separation and drastic decreases in play and 
	other complex social behaviors while separated .                        
	  it is clear that infant-mother separation produces emotional          
	disturbance in both human and macaque infants and that the patterns of  
	responses following separation are similar in both species . the results
	obtained in studies of monkey infant-mother separation indicate that    
	sheer physical separation is the crucial aspect of maternal separation  
	for monkeys . undoubtedly other factors associated with separation from 
	the mother are vitally important for human children, and may account in 
	part for the absence or rarity of the detachment stage (as seen in human
	response pattern) in separated monkey infants . the overall results show
	considerable similarity in the responses of human children and infant   
	monkeys to separation from the mother .
Contents for document 494:
	2906. early childhood separations
	every child in this long-term study of child
	rearing showed significant reactions to
	ordinary separations by about 1 yr. of age.
	the similar pattern of response in this
	group of children suggests a biologically
	determined cause.  the clinging reaction
	appeared when the child became mobile and
	able to move away from his mother re-
	gardless of the frequency or duration of his
	separations.  the majority of the mothers
	did not understand this natural phenomenon
	and regarded the clinging and crying of
	the 1-year-old as evidence of spoiled or
	regressed behavior.  the pediatrician can
	be helpful to a mother by anticipating and
	explaining separation responses, by indi-
	cating their universality, and by giving
	specific recommendations for gradual changes
	to modify these reactions.
Contents for document 812:
	the autistic child in the school and the
	school-nurse teacher responsibility
	autistic children demonstrate a more persistent pattern of retreating
	from reality than is apparent in those children categorized as normal.
	some psychologists have established the cause of symptoms in the autistic
	child as extreme anxiety which forces withdrawal from social contact.
	such anxiety is reported to have its initial occurrance during the age
	range of one to five years.  a sense of security which is considered es-
	sential for a child is gained through overt manifestations of love, care and
	approval of those adults most closely associated with him.  when this
	need is not satisfied, the child's attempts at self-realization and esteem
	are deterred or thwarted, and a state of anxiety may result.  the severity
	of the anxiety may be the forerunner of a schizophrenic disorder.  such
	a condition can develop in a child, an adolescent or an adult.  schizo-
	phrenia, a serious mental illness, is considered to be a major cause for
	admitting patients to mental institutions.
	another school of thought has placed infantile autism in the category
	of a disturbance resulting from abnormalities of development during the
	intrauterine period.  such a congenital condition is not categorized as
	mental retardation.
	yet another concept of autism conceives of the problem as the absence
	of an innate ability or capacity for developing meaningful contacts with
	other people.  a detachment of varying degrees persists where human
	contacts are concerned.
Contents for document 35:
	the development of social attachments in infancy .                      
	  this report is devoted to the formation and development of social     
	attachments in infancy . it is suggested that the core of the attachment
	function is represented by the tendency of the young to seek the        
	proximity of certain other members of the species and that the most     
	suitable operational definition may be found in the behavior of the     
	individual when deprived of such proximity .                            
	  the study takes the form of a longitudinal follow-up, in which 60     
	infants were investigated at four-weekly intervals from the early weeks 
	on up to the end of the first year and again at 18 months of age . with 
	the use of an attachment scale, based on seven everyday separation      
	situations, the following three main parameters were explored.. the age 
	at onset of specific attachments, the intensity of such attachments, and
	the number of objects to whom attachments are formed . a measure of     
	fear-of-strangers was also included .                                   
	  results indicate that the age at onset of specific attachments is     
	generally to be found in the third quarter of the first year, but that  
	this is preceded by a phase of indiscriminate attachment behavior,. that
	the intensity of specific attachment increases most in the first month  
	following onset and that thereafter fluctuations occur in individual    
	cases which make long-term prediction difficult,. and that multiplicity 
	of objects can be found in some instances at the very beginning of the  
	specific attachment phase, becoming the rule in most of the remaining   
	cases very soon thereafter . correlations between the attachment        
	variables, as well as with the fear-of-strangers measure, are presented,
	and an examination is also made of the conditions eliciting protest at  
	proximity loss, of the manner in which protest is expressed, and of the 
	conditions necessary to terminate protest .                             
	  individual differences with regard to the three main parameters were  
	explored in a subgroup of 36 infants . a number of variables were       
	examined in relation to these individual differences, and suggestions   
	made regarding the conditions which affect the manifestation of the     
	attachment function .                                                   
	  the data are discussed in relation to four themes which emerged from  
	the findings.. the nature of the attachment function, its developmental 
	origins, its developmental trends, and the influence of the social      
	setting .
Contents for document 800:
	on early infantile psychosis.
	the symbiotic and autistic syndromes
	in conclusion, i wish to state that the
	core of child psychosis must
	be sought in one or the other of the
	described distortions of the sym-
	biotic phase.  in the first case, what lay
	at the heart of the psychotic dis-
	turbance was the marked emotional
	unavailability of the mother,
	which alternated with a purely physical
	extreme closeness during the
	breast-feeding situations, and particularly
	with the destructiveness of
	the mother's unpredictable rage attacks.
	the contrasting experiences
	drove the child to the autistic warding
	off of any human contact and
	the de-animation of the world of reality.
	constitutional factors could
	not, in this case, be evaluated with any
	degree of accuracy.
	in the second case, it was, by contrast,
	the mother's ever-presence
	that created an unendurable instrusion
	upon and interference with
	the structuralization of the budding ego,
	which constitutionally and
	perhaps predispositionally may have been
	very vulnerable.  this made
	it impossible for the infant to experience
	the normal alternation of
	the gratification-frustration sequences at
	his own pace; it also made
	the process of individuation in the
	separation-individuation period
	one which was beset with abysmal panic.
	in both instances, we can see that it was
	primarily in the severe dis-
	tortions of the normal symbiosis that the
	child psychosis had its roots.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 16

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.38461538461538464
AP@10: 0.27991452991452986
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 17: nickel in nutrition:  requirements for methods for analysis; relation
with enzyme systems; toxicity of, in humans and laboratory animals;
deficiency signs and symptoms; level in various foodstuffs; level in
blood and tissues.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 600       | 39.301334 |     |
|2    | 133       | 37.914280 |  R  |
|3    | 368       | 37.702209 |     |
|4    | 304       | 35.963097 |     |
|5    | 134       | 35.893074 |     |
|6    | 562       | 35.699898 |     |
|7    | 127       | 35.291054 |  R  |
|8    | 573       | 34.882603 |     |
|9    | 236       | 34.809689 |     |
|10   | 865       | 34.330597 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 600:
	insulin and protein metabolism
	the present status of protein synthesis within cells has
	been outlined.  protein is formed in the absence of insulin;
	the net formation of protein is accelerated by insulin.  the
	effects of insulin on protein metabolism take place independently
	of the transport of glucose or amino acids into the
	cell; of glycogen synthesis; and of the stimulation of high
	energy phosphate formation.  in the case of protein metabolism,
	as in certain studies on the pathways of glucose and
	fat metabolism, these observations reveal striking intracellular
	effects of insulin in many tissues.  within most
	tissues the effect of insulin appears to find expression predominantly
	at the microsomal level.  incidentally, other
	hormones which affect protein metabolism such as growth
	or sex hormones appear to act at the microsomes.  the fact
	that insulin exerts effects on protein metabolism at other
	intracellular sites as well as the above independent effects
	leads one to agree that its action consists of a stimulation
	of multiple, seemingly unrelated, metabolic events.
	the fact that an immediate effect of insulin on protein
	synthesis is independent of the immediate need for extracellular
	glucose or amino acids does not mean that the
	sustained functioning of cells is likewise independent.  the
	biochemist is fully aware of metabolic defects in diabetes
	which are not altered by insulin in vitro, but which demand
	varying periods of pretreatment of the animal.  it is
	also known that in diabetes some proteins (enzymes) may
	be deficient while others may be produced in excess in the
	absence of insulin.
	it is suggested that the physician desires at least two
	kinds of relation between these fundamental studies and his
	patients.  one is the possible relation of a deficiency of insulin
	action to pathological processes in tissues which have
	not as yet been examined by the methods described.  the
	other is the need for more accurate measurements of the
	metabolic disorder and its control than such things as
	urinary and blood glucose.  in developing such future improvements,
	the place of insulin in protein biosynthesis
	must be kept in mind.
Contents for document 133:
	chromium, lead, cadmium, nickel and titanium in mice.. effect on        
	mortality, tumors and tissue levels .                                   
	  about 700 mice were given throughout their lives 5 ppm cadmium, lead, 
	chromium, nickel or titanium in drinking water while fed a diet         
	deficient in cadmium and low in other metals . tissue concentrations    
	comparable to those of man were observed . sex differences appeared .   
	mortality of females was unaffected . mortality of males on cadmium,    
	lead and nickel was increased compared with that of the chromium group, 
	and of those on cadmium and lead compared with the controls . longevity 
	of the oldest 10 of both sexes was less in lead and titanium groups, and
	of males in cadmium group, compared with controls . no metal was        
	carcinogenic,. incidence of tumors in males on cadmium and lead, and in 
	females given nickel was decreased . body weights at death were greater 
	in titanium, chromium and lead groups . large increments of titanium,   
	moderate increments of cadmium and nickel, and lesser increments of     
	chromium and lead were observed in 5 organs, compared with controls .   
	higher concentrations of cadmium and titanium occurred in younger mice  
	and the other metals did not increase markedly in tissues with age . all
	metals except chromium exhibited one or more signs of innate toxicity .
Contents for document 368:
	198. early experiences with azathioprine in ulcerative colitis.  a note of
	caution
	azathioprine was administered to 10 patients with ulcerative colitis classified
	as 'very severe' in 2,'moderately severe' in 7 and 'relatively mild' in 1
	patient, in conjunction with 'standard' therapy and adrenal corticosteroids in
	8 of the 10 patients.  the possible beneficial therapeutic effects of
	azathioprine in this small series cannot be evaluated definitively because of
	the concurrent medication and the preliminary uncontrolled observations.
	however, clinical improvement was apparent in 8 of the 10 patients; and in 2
	patients, the favorable course occurred in the absence of steroid therapy.  in
	2 additional patients, the favorable course was maintained during the
	administration of azathioprine following the discontinuance of prolonged
	steroid therapy.  in 1 patient, the administration of azathioprine was
	associated with amelioration of an arthritis and pyoderma gangrenosum which did
	not respond to the use of steroids and other medication.  immuno-suppressive
	observations were limited.  the established delayed hypersensitivity response,
	as reflected in various skin tests, was unchanged during the administration of
	azathioprine.  azathioprine had no discernible toxic effects upon the kidneys
	or the liver in 2 patients, 1 with postnecrotic cirrhosis and the other with
	serum hepatitis.  gastro-intestinal symptoms (anorexia, epigastric discomfort,
	and nausea) occurred in 8 patients.  mild to moderate leukopenia developed in 8
	patients and, in 2 individuals, was accompanied by thrombocytopenia.  temporary
	alopecia occurred in 1 woman.  the hematopoietic effects developed within 2 or
	3 wk of therapy with azathioprine at a dosage level of 4-6 mg/kg/day.
	azathioprine does not exert the rapid beneficial effect in ulcerative colitis
	noted with corticotropin and adrenal corticosteroids.  therefore, its use in
	severe ulcerative colitis requiring intensive therapy probably is undesirable.
	azathioprine, on the basis of these initial observations, may be considered for
	moderately severe ulcerative colitis, under circumstances permitting controlled
	and prolonged therapeutic trial as adjunct medication, but with careful
	supervision for prevention of toxicity, especially leukopenia.
Contents for document 304:
	3917. plasma free fatty acid and blood sugar levels in newborn
	infants and their mothers
	simultaneous plasma free fatty acid (ffa)
	and blood sugar levels were determined
	for fasting newborn infants during the first
	24 hours of life, for their cord bloods,
	and for their mothers at delivery.  the
	following observations were made.  in con-
	trol infants the mean ffa level rose about
	three times the cord level after birth
	and was accompanied by a 25% drop in the
	mean blood sugar level.  thereafter, the
	mean blood sugar level remained relatively
	constant, but the mean ffa level varied
	from 2.5 to 3 times the cord level.  there
	was no significant correlation between the
	length of maternal fasting prior to delivery
	and the infant ffa level; there was,
	however, a significant negative correlation
	between the length of maternal fasting
	prior to delivery and the infant blood sugar
	level at 24 hours of age.  high ffa levels
	occurred in the infants of obese mothers
	and low levels were observed in infants with
	delayed respirations, in infants of preeclamptic
	mothers, and in infants of diabetic
	mothers.
Contents for document 134:
	synergistic effects between antioxidants and selenium or vitamin e .    
	  several antioxidants when fed to chicks at relatively high levels in  
	an experimental diet were ineffective in preventing the exudates and    
	mortality from a combined deficiency of selenium and vitamin e . some of
	the compounds were toxic, as evidenced by sudden death or subcutaneous  
	hemorrhages . when amounts of either selenite or a-tocopheryl acetate,  
	which individually had little or no effect on symptoms, were given with 
	the antioxidants signs of deficiency and mortality were prevented, and  
	toxicity also was eliminated .
Contents for document 562:
	influence of parathyroid activity on ion
	exchange in various tissues
	1. balance data from three patients with hypoparathyroidism, who were
	given parathyroid extract, are presented.  the metabolic response was
	complex.  the data demonstrate losses of phosphate, magnesium, sodium
	and potassium which were not accounted for by destruction of either bone
	or non-osseous tissues.  preferential depletion of these minerals from bone,
	or loss from non-osseous tissues, must be presumed.
	2. the exchange of ca45, mg28, and p32 in a spectrum of rat tissues has
	been studied in sham operated, parathyroidectomized, and parathyroid
	extract treated rats.  the effects of parathyroidectomy on the development
	of magnesium deficiency were determined.
	3. four hours after parathyroidectomy, increased transport of calcium
	into bone, kidney, intestine, liver, brain, and muscle was found.  six days
	after parathyroidectomy equilibrium had been reestablished and exchange
	rates were identical to those in sham operated animals.
	4. the administration of parathyroid extract was associated with de-
	creased transport of ca15, mg28, and p32 into bone.  ca15 exchange in kidney
	was reduced but in all other tissues exchange of ca15 and mg28 was in-
	creased.  p32 exchange in both intestine and kidney was mardedly increased
	in animals receiving the extract.
	5. parathyroidectomy greatly minimized the manifestations of mag-
	nesium deficiency in young rats on magnesium deficient diets.
	6. the results suggest that parathyroid hormone may affect the trans-
	port and exchange of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate (and perhaps
	sodium and potassium) in tissues other than those usually considered to
	be target organs.
Contents for document 127:
	application of the emission spectrograph to the analytical needs of the 
	industrial hygiene laboratory .                                         
	  examples of unique applications of the principles of emission         
	spectroscopy to industrial hygiene problems are provided . a discussion 
	of qualitative, semiquantitative and quantitative methods of            
	spectrographic analysis is presented . these methods include            
	representative applications which are made for the analysis of the      
	metallic constituents of body tissues and fluids from human and animal  
	subjects, industrial process materials, ores, and environmental dusts   
	and fumes . brief descriptions of sample preparation techniques required
	for successful analyses are also presented .
Contents for document 573:
	hypoglycemia, growth retardation, and probable
	isolated growth hormone deficiency in a
	1-year-old child
	a heretofore unreported association of defects, namely hypoglycemia, growth
	retardation, and deficiency of serum growth hormonelike activity in a
	1-year-old child is described.  human growth hormone (hgh), 3 mg. a day for 7
	days, doubled the fasting blood sugar, prevented the postprandial hypoglycemia,
	and reversed the sensitivity to tolbutamide and leucine.  treatment with 1 mg.
	of hgh 3 times a week produced a growth of 7 inches in 3 months compared to a
	growth of 1 inch in the previous 13 months.  since the protein-bound-iodine and
	the response to methopyrapone were normal and the blood level of growth hormone
	was low, this case is presented as a probable isolated growth hormone
	deficiency.
Contents for document 236:
	lactate and pyruvate in the brain of rats during hyperventilation .     
	  experiments on anesthetized and curarized rats under artificial       
	ventilation show that during hyperventilation lactate and pyruvate are  
	markedly increased both in blood and in brain . the lactate/pyruvate    
	ratio which remains in blood the same as in control conditions, is      
	systematically decreased in brain . during hypoxia (ventilation with 7  
	oxygen in nitrogen) lactate rises markedly in blood and in brain . the  
	lactate/pyruvate ratio which is strongly increased in blood shows a     
	small rise in brain . these observations could indicate that a different
	mechanism is responsible for the rise of lactate in brain during hypoxia
	and hyperventilation . the important augmentation of lactate in brain   
	during hyperventilation can give an explanation for the delayed rise    
	which is seen in the lactate level in cerebrospinal fluid in these      
	conditions .
Contents for document 865:
	parathyroid function in chronic renal failure.  a statistical survey
	of the plasma biochemistry in azotaemic renal osteodystrophy.
	   a collection has been made of 134 personal and
	published cases of azotemic osteodystrophy in which
	adequate information was available concerning the
	pathological state of the bones.  measurements were
	available of the plasma calcium, plasma phosphate, and
	blood-urea-nitrogen in all cases, and of plasma bicarbonate
	and plasma proteins in a representative sample.
	the plasma levels of calcium and phosphate in the whole
	series of 134 cases were not related reciprocally but
	were correlated directly.  these data were further analyzed
	by allocating each case to either of 2 sub-groups,
	according to the type of pathological lesions present in
	the bones.  in one group there was evidence of defective
	mineralization of skeletal tissues, in the form of either
	rickets or osteomalacia, and the plasma-calcium was
	found to be statistically sub-normal.  in the other group
	there was no primary defect of mineralization but the
	lesions of generalized osteitis fibrosa were present and
	the plasma calcium was statistically normal.  there was
	no significant correlation between the plasma levels of
	calcium and phosphate in either sub-group; and the plasma
	phosphate was significantly higher in the group with
	the higher plasma calcium levels.  the data indicate that
	in patients with renal osteodystrophy, contrary to general
	belief, the plasma calcium varies independently of the
	plasma phosphate.  since these results imply differences
	in parathyroid function among patients with azotemic
	osteodystrophy, a survey has also been made of
	the recorded parathyroid weights in chronic renal failure.
	generalized osteitis fibrosa and the accompanying normal
	levels of plasma calcium are associated with greater
	parathyroid hypertrophy than is found in most cases
	of chronic renal failure or cases with defective mineralization.
	the various data are interpreted in relation
	to the known metabolic disturbances and natural history
	of azotemic osteodystrophy.  by analogy with states of
	simple vitamin d deficiency, it is suggested that hypocalcemia
	and relative unresponsiveness to the calcemic
	action of parathyroid hormone are related to an acquired
	resistance to vitamin d.  the group of cases with statistically
	normal plasma-calcium prove that the parathyroid
	glands can function effectively in some patients
	with chronic renal failure, irrespective of the level of
	the plasma phosphate.  the size of the glands and the
	effects of sub-total parathyroidectomy in patients of this
	group suggest that the normal plasma calcium results
	from an increased production of parathyroid hormone.
	the more advanced renal failure in the normocalcemic,
	as compared with the hypocalcemic, cases could mean
	that the development of an effective degree of secondary
	hyperparathyroidism is a function of the duration of the
	renal disease.  it seems likely that when the parathyroid
	response is sufficient to overcome the effects of the vitamin
	d resistance it also entails the development of generalized
	osteitis fibrosa, healing of the defect of mineralization
	and increased liability to metastatic calcification.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 17

P@10: 0.2
Recall@10: 0.09523809523809523
AP@10: 0.03741496598639456
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 18: the toxicity of organic selenium compounds.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 134       | 20.257854 |     |
|2    | 528       | 19.122150 |  R  |
|3    | 51        | 15.462307 |     |
|4    | 527       | 14.832622 |  R  |
|5    | 48        | 14.611054 |     |
|6    | 526       | 14.594275 |  R  |
|7    | 46        | 13.535022 |     |
|8    | 521       | 10.866753 |  R  |
|9    | 45        | 10.707855 |     |
|10   | 525       | 10.319017 |  R  |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 134:
	synergistic effects between antioxidants and selenium or vitamin e .    
	  several antioxidants when fed to chicks at relatively high levels in  
	an experimental diet were ineffective in preventing the exudates and    
	mortality from a combined deficiency of selenium and vitamin e . some of
	the compounds were toxic, as evidenced by sudden death or subcutaneous  
	hemorrhages . when amounts of either selenite or a-tocopheryl acetate,  
	which individually had little or no effect on symptoms, were given with 
	the antioxidants signs of deficiency and mortality were prevented, and  
	toxicity also was eliminated .
Contents for document 528:
	2127. selenium toxicity in domestic animals
	the article, with an extensive bibliography, is a compendium of available
	information on selenium toxicity in domestic animals.  literature reveals
	evidence of organically bound se being more biologically active, when given
	orally to domestic animals, than inorganic se salts.  there is also variation
	in toxicity of organic se analogs.  when exposed to ruminal digestion, there is
	considerable reduction of se salts to the relatively biologically inactive
	elemental se; which may result in fecal excretion of se, as such, to as much
	as 40% of a single oral dose.  fluorine, molybdenum, chromium, vanadium,
	cadmium, zinc, cobalt, nickel and uranium increase se toxicity.  arsenic and
	tungsten give some protection against it.  bromobenzene, benzene, and
	napthalene
	mobilize tissue se and stimulate its excretion.  since se preparations designed
	for topical application in treatment of skin disease have been available for
	use
	in both man and dogs, the literature has reported cases of poisoning from
	misuse
	of such preparations.  selenium, properly used, can be a valuable therapeutic
	agent, though certain salts of se must be regarded as potentially toxic.
	however, there is considerable latitude between therapeutic and/or nutritional
	and toxic doses of these salts.
Contents for document 51:
	selenium-caused tumours .                                               
	  in 10 out of 23 heterozygous rats administered 10 mg na seo per 1 kg  
	food (containing 12 protein) and surviving for 18 months, cancer of the 
	liver (with metastases in the lungs) along with sarcoma and adenoma was 
	recorded . in another series of the yet incompleted experiment the      
	animals were fed higher quantities of protein and selenium . toward     
	14-19 months in three of them sarcoma was noted.. in two sarcoma of the 
	lymphatic nodes, and in one- of the mediastinum .                       
	  it is suggested that the changes caused by selenium compounds are to  
	some extent due to their antagonistic relationship with methionine .
Contents for document 527:
	843. reactions of seleno- and sulfoamino acids with hydroperoxides
	reactions of methionine, cystine and their selenium analogues with
	hydrogen peroxide and organic peroxides have been studied.  methionine reacts
	most rapidly with hydrogen peroxide but selenocystine causes the most
	decomposition; both react much more slowly with organic peroxides.  the results
	suggest that selenocystine may act as a biological antioxidant.
Contents for document 48:
	toxicity of sulfur-35, selenium, and tellurium to avian embryos .       
	  continuous internal irradiation of chick embryos with sulfur-35       
	administered on the 4th or 8th day of incubation produced abnormalities 
	similar to those observed in selenium toxicosis of avian embryos . the  
	highest level of sulfur-35 (1600 uc) injected into eggs containing 4-day
	embryos produced morphological abnormalities more severe than those     
	produced by the same level of radiosulfur administered to 8-day embryos,
	or by any level of stable selenium tolerated . selenium at levels       
	greater than 30 ug killed all the embryos within 24 hours after         
	injection . nearly 20 times more tellurium than selenium was required to
	kill all the embryos within 24 hours.. no abnormalities were observed in
	the tellurium-injected embryos .
Contents for document 526:
	1172. studies on selenium toxicity and chondroitin sulfate and taurine
	biosynthesis in the chick embryo
	fourteen-day-old chick embryos were used in in vivo experiments.  a toxic
	selenite treatment did not cause a reduction in the extent of sulfate-s
	incorporation into chondroitin sulfate or into taurine or a reduction in the
	observed tissue levels of these metabolites.  rather, the taurine level was
	significantly greater with the embryos which received selenium.  the extent of
	the incorporation of selenite-se into the metabolites was low or not
	significant.
Contents for document 46:
	toxicity of inorganic selenium salts to chick embryos .                 
	  the effects of selenite and selenate treatment by air cell injection  
	on mortality and growth of 14-day chick embryos during a 64-68 hour     
	period were studied . the ld for selenite-se was about 0.5 ppm, based on
	weight of the egg contents, and that for selenate-se about 1.8-2.0 ppm .
	growth depression was evident from these treatments, but other gross    
	effects were not prominent . the treatment of embryos with selenite and 
	sulfate together caused a greater mortality than treatment with selenite
	alone .
Contents for document 521:
	3604. cytotoxicity of organophosphorus compounds.  comparative activities of
	trimethyl derivatives of thiophosphoric and selenophosphoric acids on vegetable
	(pisum root) and human (hela) cells
	of the 4 compounds studied, the seleno compounds were more cytotoxic for
	hela cells than their thio analogues, whereas the activities on pisum
	root cells were equal.  the parent phosphoric acid derivatives have a
	wider activity range on hela cells than the seleno and thio derivatives.
	further studies are in progress.
Contents for document 45:
	selenium as a trace element .                                           
	  an account is given of the discovery of selenium by berzelius and gahn
	the toxic behaviour of large selenium quantities in soils upon        
	vegetation, animals, and man is surveyed . a review is also given of the
	role of trace amounts of selenium in the prevention of myopathies in    
	animals . finally, some recent theories on the importance of retinal    
	selenium to vision are mentioned .
Contents for document 525:
	1143. sodium selenate toxicosis  the distribution of selenium within the body
	after prolonged feeding of toxic quantities of sodium selenate to sheep
	the distribution of selenium in the body tissues of adult sheep fed subtoxic to
	toxic quantities of sodium selenate daily for 1 to 5 mth. varied with the
	tissue
	type and with the level and duration of selenium consumption.  selenium
	concentration was highest in the liver, followed by (in descending order)
	the kidneys, lungs, spleen, myocardium, skeletal muscles, and brain.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 18

P@10: 0.5
Recall@10: 0.3333333333333333
AP@10: 0.16666666666666666
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 19: excretion of phosphate or pyrophosphate in the urine or the effect of
parathyroid hormone on kidney.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 861       | 42.466621 |  R  |
|2    | 859       | 34.758747 |  R  |
|3    | 844       | 34.010342 |  R  |
|4    | 847       | 33.266148 |  R  |
|5    | 863       | 32.326038 |     |
|6    | 864       | 31.903095 |  R  |
|7    | 562       | 29.767952 |  R  |
|8    | 555       | 29.265364 |  R  |
|9    | 678       | 28.247780 |     |
|10   | 551       | 27.884638 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 861:
	j. clin. endocr. 1965, 25/4 (457-464).
	antagonism between parathyroid extract and adrenal
	cortical steroids in man.
	metabolic balance studies were done in 2
	patients with hypoparathyroidism who
	received hydrocortisone of prednisone
	during the administration of parathyroid
	extract.  administration of prednisone was
	associated with phosphate retention,
	decreased urinary ca, decreased serum
	ca, citrate and glycoprotein concentrations,
	and increased serum phosphate.
	excretion of parathyroid activity in the
	urine of 1 patient was uninfluenced by the
	administration of prednisone.  it is concluded
	that the antagonistic effect of the
	adrenal cortical steroids was expressed
	at the biochemical sites of action of the
	parathyroid extract in bone and kidney,
	that the steroids reduce parathyroid secretion
	but that their administration probably does not
	result in degradation or inactivation of
	the hormone.
Contents for document 859:
	the effect of actinomycin d on parathyroid-induced
	change in bone and kidney.
	actinomycin d (amd), an antibiotic known to
	inhibit dna-directed rna synthesis,
	was used to study parathyroid-induced changes
	in ca mobilization in vivo and in vitro
	as well as renal excretion of ca and phosphate
	in rats.  intact and parathyroidectomized
	rats subjected to peritoneal lavage were
	administered amd, and changes in
	ca, p, and mg in lavage and serum were
	examined.  amd consistently lowered the
	ca transfer into the peritoneal rinse in both
	the intact and parathyroidectomized animals,
	although the drop in ca was more acute
	if the animals were pretreated by subcutaneous
	injections of amd than if amd was
	administered as a component of the
	rinse.  pretreatment of lavaged animals with
	amd prevented the expected increase
	in osteoclast numbers in the distal metaphysis
	of the femur but had no effect if administered
	as a component of the peritoneal rinse.
	the incubation of femora removed
	from both intact and parathyroidectomized
	animals resulted in media ca levels that
	were significantly lower after 4 hr. incubation
	when amd was added in vitro.  however,
	transfer of recently injected ca into
	the incubation medium from animals
	treated with amd was increased.  in addition,
	parathyroidectomy of animals subsequent
	to administration of amd still resulted
	in expected changes in ca and p in the
	urine although amd significantly increased p
	excretion in both intact and parathyroidectomized
	animals.  it was concluded that
	endogenous parathyroid hormone requires
	the continuous production of enzymes ultimately
	responsible for its action on bone
	and kidney, but that this action is not necessarily
	related directly to the production
	of m-rna.
Contents for document 844:
	actinomycin d and the response to parathyroid hormone
	actinomycin d inhibits the effect of
	parathyroid hormone upon bone, as measured
	by ca mobilization, without altering
	its effects upon the renal excretion of
	phosphate and ca in rats.
Contents for document 847:
	localization of phosphaturic effect of
	parathyroid hormone in nephron of the dog
	the renal mechanism and tubular site of the phosphaturic action of
	parathyroid hormone were investigated by clearance and stop-flow
	techniques in one intact and seven thyroparathyroidectomized
	dogs.  administration of hormone caused a significant increase
	in the excretion of phosphate without increasing the filtered
	load.  stop-flow analysis indicated that in the absence of parathyroid
	hormone most of the filtered phosphate was reabsorbed
	in the proximal tubule, and that the hormone increased the
	rate of phosphate excretion by inhibiting this reabsorptive
	mechanism.  p32 injected during stopped flow showed no significant
	transport across the renal tubule despite the presence of
	excess parathyroid hormone.  significant p32 activity appeared
	in the stop-flow collections simultaneously with the appearance
	of new filtrate.  there was no evidence that parathyroid hormone
	mediated a secretory process for phosphate excretion.
Contents for document 863:
	the inhibition of respiration and phosphorylation in kidney
	mitochondria by parathyroid hormone administered in vivo.
	   parathyroid hormone administered
	in vivo to rabbits
	produced a metabolic alteration
	in kidney cortex
	mitochondria, evidenced by
	diminished respiratory rate,
	respiratory control, and p:o
	ratio with a series of substrates
	including pyruvate plus
	fumarate, succinate,
	ketoglutarate, malate, citrate,
	and isocitrate.  the adenosine
	triphosphate-inorganic
	phosphate exchange reaction
	rate was decreased and
	adenosine triphosphatase
	activity was increased compared
	to control mitochondria.
	these changes did not become
	apparent until about 12 hr.
	after injection, were undiminished
	by 24 hr., and could
	be elicited with as little as 200
	usp units of hormone.
	under identical conditions liver
	mitochondria were unaffected.
	diphospho- and triphosphopyridine nucleotides
	in combination frequently elevated
	the respiration in
	parathyroid-treated mitochondria
	close to or above control
	levels with citrate and isocitrate
	but not with the
	remaining substrates and had
	no effect on respiratory
	control with any of the substrates.
	the effects of the
	hormone could not be duplicated
	by elevating and maintaining
	in otherwise normal rabbits
	serum ca concentrations
	at twice normal level
	for 6 hr. it is concluded
	that the effects produced by
	parathyroid hormone on kidney
	are multiple in nature and
	related to the ca++
	raising potency of the preparations.
Contents for document 864:
	sudden hypocalcemia in normal and hypoparathyroid subjects.
	   serum calcium concentration was suddenly decreased
	in 10 normal and 4 hypoparathyroid subjects
	by the infusion of 50 mg/kg of disodium edta over a
	30- to 45-minute interval.  the return rate to pre-infusion
	values of the serum calcium concentration was the
	same in both groups.  serum phosphate showed a marked,
	transient decrease 30 min after the infusion in normal
	individuals, but not in those with hypoparathyroidism.
	the hypophosphatemia was followed by a marked
	increase in phosphate clearance in the normal group and
	a decrease in the hypoparathyroid group.  urine phosphate:
	urine creatinine x 10 (up:uc x 10) and urine
	phosphate: urine osmolality x 10 (up:uo x 10) ratios
	also reflected an increased phosphate excretion in the
	2 groups.  a simple clinical measure of parathyroid
	function is suggested by determining the up:uo x 10
	or the up:uc x 10, or both, ratios before and 3 to 6
	hr after intravenous infusion of disodium edta.
Contents for document 562:
	influence of parathyroid activity on ion
	exchange in various tissues
	1. balance data from three patients with hypoparathyroidism, who were
	given parathyroid extract, are presented.  the metabolic response was
	complex.  the data demonstrate losses of phosphate, magnesium, sodium
	and potassium which were not accounted for by destruction of either bone
	or non-osseous tissues.  preferential depletion of these minerals from bone,
	or loss from non-osseous tissues, must be presumed.
	2. the exchange of ca45, mg28, and p32 in a spectrum of rat tissues has
	been studied in sham operated, parathyroidectomized, and parathyroid
	extract treated rats.  the effects of parathyroidectomy on the development
	of magnesium deficiency were determined.
	3. four hours after parathyroidectomy, increased transport of calcium
	into bone, kidney, intestine, liver, brain, and muscle was found.  six days
	after parathyroidectomy equilibrium had been reestablished and exchange
	rates were identical to those in sham operated animals.
	4. the administration of parathyroid extract was associated with de-
	creased transport of ca15, mg28, and p32 into bone.  ca15 exchange in kidney
	was reduced but in all other tissues exchange of ca15 and mg28 was in-
	creased.  p32 exchange in both intestine and kidney was mardedly increased
	in animals receiving the extract.
	5. parathyroidectomy greatly minimized the manifestations of mag-
	nesium deficiency in young rats on magnesium deficient diets.
	6. the results suggest that parathyroid hormone may affect the trans-
	port and exchange of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate (and perhaps
	sodium and potassium) in tissues other than those usually considered to
	be target organs.
Contents for document 555:
	study of phosphate excretion by the stop-flow
	technique
	m. de myttenaere
	the stop-flow technique has been applied to the dog in an attempt to
	rule out tubular secretion of phosphate and to locate the site of action of
	parathyroid hormone (p.t.h.) on the renal tubule.  under the experimental
	conditions used, no significant inward transtubular movement of p32 could be
	demonstrated, ruling out tubular secretion of phosphate.  stop-flow
	experiments performed in parathyroidectomized dogs before and after p.t.h.
	administration demonstrated inhibition of phosphorus reabsorption by the
	hormone.  in addition, the stop-flow pattern indicated that this
	phenomenon took place mainly in the distal part of the proximal tubules.
Contents for document 678:
	the role of age and x-irradiation on kidney
	function in the mouse
	female mouse kidneys show a decline with respect to age in the ability to
	concentrate the urine during a 24-hour water fast.  x-irradiation early in
	life has no measurable long-term effect on this process.
	kidney cortex slices of old female mice can concentrate p-aminohippuric
	acid against a concentration gradient equally as well as slices from young
	mice.  there is no loss in this ability by cortex slices from young or old
	female x-irradiated mice.
	it is uncertain whether compensatory renal hypertrophy after unilateral
	nephrectomy declines with age in nonirradiated mice.  x-irradiation does
	cause a reduction in the degree of compensatory renal hypertrophy in the aging
	mouse.  this reduction may represent a loss in the ability of kidney cells to
	undergo cell division.
	the administration of testosterone propionate to old mice during compen-
	satory renal hypertrophy results in an increased hypertrophy.  the increase is
	relatively the same for irradiated and nonirradiated mice, indicating the lack
	of a long-term effect of x-irradiation to reduce the ability of a target
	organ to respond to a hormone.
	the over-all conclusion of this study, with respect to "radiation-induced
	aging," is that x-irradiation of the female swiss mouse early in life does not
	have a pronounced effect on kidney function late in life but may have a long-
	term effect on those processes concerned with cell division.
Contents for document 551:
	effects of parathyroid hormone and other proteins in vitro
	on mitochondrial metabolism
	it is apparent that in addition to parathyroid hormone, several
	non-hormonal basic proteins stimulate mitochondrial respiration, ion
	transport, and atpase, but inhibit the 32pi-atp exchange reaction.
	thus these effects may not be so uniquely a measure of the biological
	actions of parathyroid hormone as the previous reports suggested.
	rasmussen et al. (1964) have also isolated from parathyroid
	extracts a protein that is inert in vivo but stimulates mitochondrial
	transport of phosphate in vitro.  they postulated that this protein
	might be yet another biologically important factor produced by para-
	thyroid glands.  the latter speculation may not be warranted in view
	of the uncertain specificity of protein effects on mitochondria.  all
	of our tests completed to date show that the non-hormonal parathyroid
	proteins c1 and c2 are unrelated either biologically, immunologically,
	or chemically (by amino-acid analysis) to the parathyroid hormone.
	further rigorous studies are necessary to precisely determine
	whether any effects of parathyroid hormone on mitochondria validly
	reflect the mechanism of action of the hormone and whether it is sound
	to use the in vitro tests as bioassay tools.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 19

P@10: 0.7
Recall@10: 0.25925925925925924
AP@10: 0.24316578483245146
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 20: somatotropin as it effects bone, bone development, regeneration,
resorption, bone cells, osteogenesis, physiologic calcification or
ossification, cartilage and bone diseases in general.  somatotropin as
it relates to hypophysectomy, pituitary function, diseases, dwarfism,
neoplasms, hypopituitarism and hyperpituitarism, and growth in general.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 596       | 53.379417 |  R  |
|2    | 711       | 51.224541 |     |
|3    | 592       | 48.867722 |     |
|4    | 1024      | 47.116489 |     |
|5    | 431       | 45.058189 |     |
|6    | 887       | 43.156956 |     |
|7    | 876       | 42.601547 |  R  |
|8    | 860       | 42.454483 |     |
|9    | 60        | 42.145180 |     |
|10   | 177       | 41.914585 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 596:
	relationships of growth hormone, steroids and relaxin in the
	transformation of pubic joint cartilage to ligament in
	hypophysectomized mice
	the histological changes occurring
	in the pubic joint of hormonally
	treated intact or hypophysectomized mice
	have been studied.  estrogen treatment resulted
	in bone resorption and transformation
	of the cartilage caps of the pubic bones to
	fibrocartilage in intact mice but not in hypophysectomized
	mice.  furthermore, relaxin
	failed to influence the appearance of the pubic
	joint of estrogen-primed hypophysectomized
	mice, whereas it induced the development of
	long interpubic ligaments in intact mice.
	when growth hormone (sth) was administered
	to hypophysectomized mice, the pubic
	joints responded to estrogen with bone resorption
	and transformation of the cartilage caps
	to fibrocartilage.  sth treatment also restored
	the ability of the pubic joint of hypophysectomized
	mice to proliferate long interpubic ligaments
	when estrogen and relaxin were administered.
	progesterone specifically inhibited
	ligament formation due to relaxin injection
	without altering the histological changes
	associated with estrogen treatment, both in
	intact mice and in sth-maintained, hypophysectomized mice.
Contents for document 711:
	functional craniology: an aid in
	interpreting roentgenograms
	of the skull
	analysis of the form of the skull is
	facilitated by considering it to be composed
	of a number of functional components.  for
	the roentgenologist's purposes, division into
	the facial or somatic skeleton and the neu-
	ral skeleton is valuable, as is the recognition
	of three functionally separate portions
	within each calvarial bone: the inner table,
	the diploe and the outer table.
	the base of the skull is the only por-
	tion that is preformed in cartilage.  this ac-
	counts for the unusual appearance of the
	skull in achondroplasia.  in addition, the
	base apparently is more closely related to
	facial and general somatic growth than to
	neural growth.
	calvarial bone forms directly from
	membrane within the cerebral capsule.
	consequently, the size and shape of the cal-
	varia directly reflect the form of the grow-
	ing neural mass.
	the inner table of the calvaria at all
	ages is intimately related to the dura mater
	and directly reflects the form of the dura
	mater.  consequently, the inner table re-
	flects the form of the arachnoid mater and,
	usually, of the brain as well.
	the outer table of the calvaria serves
	not only to protect the brain but also to
	anchor many of the intrinsic and extrinsic
	muscles of the skull.  its form, particularly
	in thick-skulled mammals such as the pig,
	is determined more by the demands of these
	muscles and of the scalp than by the form
	of the brain.
	the principal function of the diploe
	is to form a lightweight yet rigid separation
	of the two osseous tables.  in addition, it
	serves as a site of hematopoiesis; for this
	reason it may tend to a specific volume at a
	given age.
	the calvarial sutures oppose separa-
	tion of the bones of the calvaria while al-
	lowing relative motion between them.
	when the calvarial bones are passively car-
	ried apart with the expanding cerebral cap-
	sule by the growth of the neural mass, their
	areas are increased by the deposition of
	bone in the suture margins.  the sutures,
	however, do not function as epiphyses and
	have no innate growth potential: removal
	of a suture does not disturb final skull form.
	because the calvaria represents ossi-
	fication of the cerebral capsule, it is small
	when the neural mass is small.  the de-
	formity of the skull and the secondary
	changes that occur in the air sinuses and
	the diploe can be explained in terms of
	the functional cranial components.  the op-
	posite changes occur when the neural mass
	is abnormally large.
	the correlation between skull size and
	intelligence is only fair.  the presence of a
	brain of distinctly abnormal size, however,
	may be inferred from plain roentgeno-
	grams of the skull.
	premature closure of the cranial su-
	tures may be due to an abnormal form of
	the cranial base and possibly of the primi-
	tive chondrocranium that precedes it.  the
	abnormality is mediated through the dural
	fiber tracts that underlie the major cal-
	varial sutures.
Contents for document 592:
	influence of hormones on tumor growth and plasma prolactin levels in rats
	bearing a pituitary "mammotropic" tumor
	the effects of estradiol, cortisol acetate, thyroxine, or thiouracil on
	tumor growth, organ weights, and plasma prolactin levels were determined
	in rats bearing a furth pituitary "mammotropic" tumor (mtt.f4).  this
	tumor is known to secrete large amounts of adrenocorticotropin, somatotropin,
	and prolactin, but no follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone,
	or thyrotropin.  at the dose levels used, estradiol significantly suppressed
	tumor growth without influencing body growth, and it partially inhibited
	enlargement of the adrenals and atrophy of the thymus.  cortisol acetate
	significantly reduced both tumor and body growth.  thyroxine had no significant
	effect on tumor growth but enhanced the somatotropic effect as indicated by
	increases in body growth and organ weights.  thiouracil had no significant
	effect on tumor or body growth, although it significantly increased thyroid
	weight.  estradiol, cortisol acetate, and thyroxine each increased the plasma
	prolactin levels of the tumor-bearing rats.
Contents for document 1024:
	some bone lesions in the course of blood diseases with special reference
	to the formation of bony callus and to the treatment of fractures in
	patients suffering from blood diseases.
	after some preliminary remarks on the embryology
	and physiology of the bone
	marrow and on the mechanism of coagulation
	of the blood, the authors pass on to
	a consideration of the genesis of bony callus,
	and the treatment of fractures in
	patients suffering from blood diseases.  an
	account is given on the basis of some examples
	of pathological fractures, and also
	of some traumatic fractures in subjects
	affected by various kinds of blood diseases
	such as solitary myeloma, polyosteotic
	plasmocytoma, waldenstroem's syndrome,
	the coagulopathic syndrome
	from a structural defect of the fibrin coagulum,
	and hemophilia.  fractures in patients
	with blood diseases are characterized
	by an abnormal course, and, for an
	effecient cure, it is necessary to make an
	accurate diagnosis with regard to the
	pre-existing blood diseases and to re-establish
	hemostasis when this has been
	changed, to prevent hemorrhages, and to correct
	any plasma defect that may be
	present and which are reflected in the formation
	of the bony callus.
Contents for document 431:
	4311. studies on intravenous transfusion
	of thymus cells and
	lymphnode cells.  iii. influence of
	transfused thymus cells
	and lymphnode cells on the bone
	marrow
	in rabbits transfused with thymus cells and
	lymphnode cells the peripheral blood and
	bone marrow were studied.  the transfusion
	of thymus cells caused a peripheral
	lymphocytosis and a diminution of lymphoid
	cells in the bone marrow of both young
	and adult rabbits.  the transfusion of lymphnode
	cells resulted in a peripheral lympho-
	penia, and an initial increase and a subsequent
	diminution of lymphoid cells in the
	bone marrow.  it is suggested that lymphoid cells
	in the bone marrow may be lympho-
	cytes which are stored or discharged according
	to a variety of conditions.  further-
	more, thymus cells are thought to mobilize
	lymphocytes from the bone marrow to
	the peripheral blood.
Contents for document 887:
	speech as a landmark in development.
	it is attempted to demonstrate how observations
	of children's speech and language
	development may serve as valuable indicators of
	their general physical, intellectual,
	and emotional progress.  speech lag or breakdown
	may corroborate other suspect
	areas of development or may point the way to them.
	speech and language disorders
	seldom originate in the mouth.  ideas must precede
	speech, and speech is a direct
	correlate of intelligence.
Contents for document 876:
	treatment of short stature in children and adolescents
	with human pituitary growth hormone (raben).  experience
	with thirty-five cases.
	human pituitary growth hormone (raben) was
	evaluated by longitudinal study of
	growth as a therapeutic agent in the treatment
	of short stature.  clinically significant
	increases in growth rate were achieved in 11
	of 13 hypopituitary patients.  no significant
	improvement in linear growth rate was
	noted with a dose of 2 mg 3 times
	weekly in children whose short stature was due
	to other conditions.  no adverse reactions
	were noted; thyroidal, adrenal or gonadal
	activation was not observed.  growth
	was stimulated, probably without an undue increase
	in bone age, though this point
	demands continued scrutiny.  owing to the limited
	supply of this material it is recommended
	that it be used only in cases of documented
	growth failure, and a protocol
	for evaluation of therapeutic response is discussed.
	though not a panacea for treatment
	of short stature, human growth hormone
	fulfils a unique and invaluable role
	in replacement therapy for the hypopituitary dwarf.
Contents for document 860:
	inhibition by actinomycin d of bone resorption
	induced by parathyroid hormone or vitamin a.
	actinomycin d inhibits cell proliferation in
	control cultures of embryonic rat bone
	and prevents the stimulation of bone resorption
	by parathyroid horome (pth) or vit.
	a.  with a dose of 0.004 /ml. of actinomycin
	d, pth effects are only partially inhibited
	and this inhibition can be overcome
	by increasing the dose of pth.  these
	findings suggest that these agents act competitively.
Contents for document 60:
	comparative bone marrow study using two aspiration needles and two      
	biopsy sites .                                                          
	  bone marrow aspiration is now widely used in the diagnosis of         
	hematologic diseases and many conditions not primarily affecting the    
	blood system . a number of techniques have been devised by which a      
	suitable specimen of marrow can be obtained with relatively little      
	discomfort to the patient . the two needle sets described in this paper 
	have been found to be equally reliable in obtaining bone marrow for     
	microscopic study and diagnosis . comparative studies of bone marrow    
	aspirated simultaneously from the iliac crest and the sternum in 26     
	patients show no significant difference . however, there were four      
	instances of dry tap at the iliac site . this fact, in addition to the  
	observation that less discomfort was experienced by the patient when the
	sternum was used, might indicate that the sternal area is a more        
	reliable and efficient site for obtaining bone marrow .                 
	  it was also observed during this study that patients experienced less 
	discomfort when the university of illinois needle was used . the major  
	objection to the use of this needle is the inability to obtain a bone   
	core for biopsy .
Contents for document 177:
	effect of parathyroid and other human tumors and tissues on bone        
	resorption in tissue culture .                                          
	  mouse calvaria were grown in tissue culture in combination with single
	or multiple fragments of a variety of human tumors and glandular tissues
	to determine their capacity to enhance bone resorption . single         
	fragments of parathyroid adenoma tissue consistently enhanced resorption
	in both the frontal and the parietal bones . except for one squamous--  
	cell carcinoma of the lung which had some activity all other tissues    
	tested as single fragments had no enhancing effect . on the other hand, 
	all human tissues enhanced resorption when multiple fragments were      
	placed in a halo around the calvarium, suggesting the presence of lesser
	amounts of resorption-enhancing factors in other human tissues .
-------------------------
Metrics for query 20

P@10: 0.2
Recall@10: 0.05128205128205128
AP@10: 0.03296703296703296
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 21: language development in infancy and pre-school age.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 626       | 16.441946 |  R  |
|2    | 896       | 15.621346 |  R  |
|3    | 35        | 15.184528 |     |
|4    | 887       | 14.823608 |     |
|5    | 100       | 14.765179 |     |
|6    | 812       | 14.592949 |     |
|7    | 892       | 14.519503 |  R  |
|8    | 917       | 13.694559 |     |
|9    | 253       | 13.653119 |     |
|10   | 815       | 13.447622 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 626:
	relation of crying activity in early infancy to speech and intellectual
	development at age three years
	rosenfeld
	cries of 38 infants, age 4 to 10 days, were measured for outburst
	frequency during the most active 20-sec. period of crying.  crying
	scores showed a significant correlation (.45) with stanford-binet iq
	at 3 years, a borderline correlation (.32) with cattell iq at 15 to 20
	months, and a nonsignificant trend with speech ratings at 3 years.
	although no correlations were adequate for individual prediction,
	infant crying is deemed worthy of further investigation as a possible
	indicator of intellectual potential.
Contents for document 896:
	concept development and language instruction.
	the author describes factors related to,
	and the errors that may occur in concept
	development in children.  the contributions
	of language for the deaf child's conceptual
	development are stressed.  included
	are a review of what concepts are, psychologically,
	and an example of how concepts
	may be presented, educationally, in the classroom.
Contents for document 35:
	the development of social attachments in infancy .                      
	  this report is devoted to the formation and development of social     
	attachments in infancy . it is suggested that the core of the attachment
	function is represented by the tendency of the young to seek the        
	proximity of certain other members of the species and that the most     
	suitable operational definition may be found in the behavior of the     
	individual when deprived of such proximity .                            
	  the study takes the form of a longitudinal follow-up, in which 60     
	infants were investigated at four-weekly intervals from the early weeks 
	on up to the end of the first year and again at 18 months of age . with 
	the use of an attachment scale, based on seven everyday separation      
	situations, the following three main parameters were explored.. the age 
	at onset of specific attachments, the intensity of such attachments, and
	the number of objects to whom attachments are formed . a measure of     
	fear-of-strangers was also included .                                   
	  results indicate that the age at onset of specific attachments is     
	generally to be found in the third quarter of the first year, but that  
	this is preceded by a phase of indiscriminate attachment behavior,. that
	the intensity of specific attachment increases most in the first month  
	following onset and that thereafter fluctuations occur in individual    
	cases which make long-term prediction difficult,. and that multiplicity 
	of objects can be found in some instances at the very beginning of the  
	specific attachment phase, becoming the rule in most of the remaining   
	cases very soon thereafter . correlations between the attachment        
	variables, as well as with the fear-of-strangers measure, are presented,
	and an examination is also made of the conditions eliciting protest at  
	proximity loss, of the manner in which protest is expressed, and of the 
	conditions necessary to terminate protest .                             
	  individual differences with regard to the three main parameters were  
	explored in a subgroup of 36 infants . a number of variables were       
	examined in relation to these individual differences, and suggestions   
	made regarding the conditions which affect the manifestation of the     
	attachment function .                                                   
	  the data are discussed in relation to four themes which emerged from  
	the findings.. the nature of the attachment function, its developmental 
	origins, its developmental trends, and the influence of the social      
	setting .
Contents for document 887:
	speech as a landmark in development.
	it is attempted to demonstrate how observations
	of children's speech and language
	development may serve as valuable indicators of
	their general physical, intellectual,
	and emotional progress.  speech lag or breakdown
	may corroborate other suspect
	areas of development or may point the way to them.
	speech and language disorders
	seldom originate in the mouth.  ideas must precede
	speech, and speech is a direct
	correlate of intelligence.
Contents for document 100:
	the ophthalmologist's role in the management of dyslexia .              
	  dyslexia is a clinical entity characterized by subnormal reading      
	ability in a person of average or above average intelligence .          
	  it is a disease which has different causes in different children . the
	causes include brain damage in the /language area,/ hereditary          
	predisposition and such ophthalmic factors as hyperopia, muscle         
	imbalance, aniseikonia or visual immaturity . emotional disturbances,   
	educational immaturity and cerebral dominance may also play some role in
	the etiology of this condition .                                        
	  the universal symptom is poor reading ability . however, these cases  
	frequently have other associated symptoms such as poor writing,         
	difficulty in reading and writing numbers, inability to read or write   
	musical notes and disorientation for left and right . many of these     
	patients develop personality maladjustments . visual fields often reveal
	a hemianopia .                                                          
	  in any group of poor readers, a large percentage will have ocular,    
	neurologic, psychiatric or psychologic abnormalities and/or a strong    
	hereditary tendency . the degree to which reading can be learned depends
	upon the ability of the individual to adjust to the psycho-physiologic  
	needs that are present at the time he reaches /reading age/ in school . 
	if compensating abilities are present, and if the child's reaction is a 
	favorable one, he may read well in spite of unfavorable factors,. if    
	not, he may become a /poor reader/ . these children should be recognized
	in their first year of school .                                         
	  a complete medical work-up should be managed by an ophthalmologist . a
	complete ophthalmic examination should first be performed and all       
	possible visual anomalies should be corrected . the ophthalmologist may 
	want a psychometric evaluation, a neurologic opinion to determine the   
	role of organic brain damage, psychiatric consultation for evaluation of
	emotional disturbances, pediatric consultation for evaluation of the    
	status of the general health and/or consultation by an otolaryngologist 
	to determine the patient's hearing ability . with all the necessary     
	information at hand, the ophthalmologist will be able to recommend      
	corrective medical therapy and to advise the parents and teachers about 
	available remedial reading aids .                                       
	  the prognosis is good for most patients since they are of average or  
	above average intelligence,. nearly all cases can be helped .
Contents for document 812:
	the autistic child in the school and the
	school-nurse teacher responsibility
	autistic children demonstrate a more persistent pattern of retreating
	from reality than is apparent in those children categorized as normal.
	some psychologists have established the cause of symptoms in the autistic
	child as extreme anxiety which forces withdrawal from social contact.
	such anxiety is reported to have its initial occurrance during the age
	range of one to five years.  a sense of security which is considered es-
	sential for a child is gained through overt manifestations of love, care and
	approval of those adults most closely associated with him.  when this
	need is not satisfied, the child's attempts at self-realization and esteem
	are deterred or thwarted, and a state of anxiety may result.  the severity
	of the anxiety may be the forerunner of a schizophrenic disorder.  such
	a condition can develop in a child, an adolescent or an adult.  schizo-
	phrenia, a serious mental illness, is considered to be a major cause for
	admitting patients to mental institutions.
	another school of thought has placed infantile autism in the category
	of a disturbance resulting from abnormalities of development during the
	intrauterine period.  such a congenital condition is not categorized as
	mental retardation.
	yet another concept of autism conceives of the problem as the absence
	of an innate ability or capacity for developing meaningful contacts with
	other people.  a detachment of varying degrees persists where human
	contacts are concerned.
Contents for document 892:
	disorders of communication in young children.
	the normal development of spoken language is
	outlined.  the causation, differential
	diagnosis, individual assessment and management
	of developmental disorders of
	communication in young children are briefly discussed.
Contents for document 917:
	the problems of infantile autism and psychiatric nosology.
	in psychiatric literature the syndrome of
	early infantile autism has been divided
	into several subgroups (as, for instance,
	the subgroup of kanner and the subgroup
	of asperger) and has been assigned to
	different mental conditions (schizophrenia,
	psychopathy, neurosis).  these distinctions
	and classifications are thought to be
	controversial, so long as the etiology of
	early infantile autism is unknown.  nor
	should any 'psychiatric school' claim to
	have the 'right' concept of schizophrenia,
	since the etiology of schizophrenia, too,
	has not yet been discovered.  in this particular
	'pre-scientific' situation of psychiatry
	it seems more promising to analyze
	the individual mental case and to concentrate
	on clinical symptomatology instead
	of discussing arbitrary 'nosological entities'.
Contents for document 253:
	radical operation for ventricular septal defect in infancy .            
	  ventricular septal defect is the most common congenital anomaly of the
	heart in infancy, and has a poor prognosis . we have operated upon 18   
	infants all under one year of age for ventricular septal defect . there 
	has been successful repair in 16 cases .                                
	  at present, hypothermia with a surface cooling method has proved to be
	superior to the artificial heart-lung machine because of the simplicity 
	and the good operative results with its use . in addition, early        
	operation during the infantile period will cause less psychological     
	impact on infants . these advantages are sufficient for us to advocate  
	radical operation of ventricular septal defect in infancy, even         
	including the severely ill children .
Contents for document 815:
	language training in the treatment
	of the autistic child
	functioning on a retarded level
	a preliminary study to
	determine the effect of language and
	speech therapy on the development of
	communication and the lessening of un-
	relatedness in a group of non-verbal,
	autistic children functioning on a retarded
	level is reported.  on the basis of the re-
	sults of the study, it is suggested that the
	inclusion of language and speech therapy
	techniques be considered in developing a
	treatment program for such children.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 21

P@10: 0.3
Recall@10: 0.1111111111111111
AP@10: 0.08994708994708994
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 22: mycoplasma infection or presence in embryo, fetus, newborn infant
or animal, or in pregnancy, gynecologic diseases, or as related to
chromosomes or chromosome abnormalities.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 905       | 36.842136 |     |
|2    | 701       | 36.565491 |     |
|3    | 648       | 34.973366 |  R  |
|4    | 93        | 33.574142 |     |
|5    | 750       | 31.274210 |     |
|6    | 649       | 29.705933 |     |
|7    | 108       | 29.677782 |     |
|8    | 640       | 29.546247 |  R  |
|9    | 766       | 29.426529 |     |
|10   | 329       | 29.303970 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 905:
	chromosome studies of human cells infected in utero and
	in vitro with rubella virus.
	a cytologic study of metaphase chromosomes
	was undertaken to determine if damage
	to the genetic apparatus of human cells may
	be induced by rubella virus and whether
	such damage produces the pathology seen
	in newborns from mothers infected early
	in pregnancy.  fibroblast cell strains were
	initiated in vitro from embryonic material
	obtained by therapeutic abortion of fetuses
	from rubella-infected mothers.  embryonic
	material from spontaneous and non-rubella
	therapeutic abortions yielded similar
	cell strains for infection in vitro.  the
	results from both types of studies were as
	follows: (a) virus shedding cell strains were
	obtained from all types of organs cultivated,
	which indicated wide dissemination
	of virus in the fetuses from rubella-infected
	mothers.  (b) chronic infection could
	readily be established by in vitro infection
	and no cytopathic effect was noted.
	(c) although many strains continued to shed
	virus throughout months of in vitro cultivation,
	no changes in growth properties
	occurred with the exception that infected
	strains from lung tissue showed limited
	growth capacities.  (d) from observations
	of over 2,000 metaphases, neither obvious
	chromosomal rearrangements nor non-disjunctional
	changes were observed in
	strains infected naturally or experimentally.
	(e) among 17 rubella abortion-derived
	cell strains there was a marked elevation
	in frequency of chromosome breakage in
	3 instances (18%, 29%, 68%,).  (f) a correlation
	between virus shedding in vitro and
	increased chromosome breakage was noted
	although this was not complete.  (g) the
	combined average frequency of chromosome
	breakage in one set of 7 rubella-abortion
	strains was 18%; in the other set of 9 abortus
	strains, 9.8%.  (h) similarly, a slight,
	but significant elevation in average chromosome
	break frequency (9.8%) was obtained
	in four cell strains which had been experimentally
	infected in vitro with rubella virus
	(uninfected cells: 5.2%).  although effects
	upon the chromosomes were demonstrated,
	these were restricted to slight general elevations
	in frequency of breakage above
	normal values.  very high increases in breaks
	were sporadic.  it appears more likely
	that the general fetal abnormalities associated
	with rubella infection in vivo result
	from possible effects of the virus upon growth
	rather than from effects upon the
	chromosomes.  however, the studies were
	restricted to fibroblasts cultured in
	vitro; and effects on other types of cells
	may have greater implications for this
	question.
Contents for document 701:
	fibrin and thrombosis in the central nervous system
	in children with particular reference to
	congenital hydrocephalus
	while rare metabolic and degenerative diseases of
	the central nervous system in children are reported
	at great length, the much commoner diseases
	relating to vascular incidents are rarely discussed.
	only those aspects of disease of the central
	nervous system related to thrombosis and the
	deposition of fibrin will be discussed here; diseases
	related to general vasculitis and aneurysm are
	omitted.  the conditions discussed here fall into two
	main categories: first, the presence of thrombosis in
	small blood vessels or in the large superficial veins
	draining the brain, and second, the deposition of
	fibrin either in the ventricles or on the membranes
	overlying the brain in association with thrombotic
	lesions, haemorrhage, or infiltration.
Contents for document 648:
	chromosome changes in human diploid-cell cultures infected
	with mycoplasma
	this communication shows that mycoplasma may also
	change cell chromosomes, and therefore emphasizes the
	need for caution in interpreting experimental results
	without adequately testing for the presence
	of mycoplasma.  chromosome damage similar
	to that described here has been induced by
	viruses in cell cultures and in blood cul-
	tures.  chromosomal abnormalities have
	also been reported in blood cultures and bone
	marrow from leukaemic patients.
Contents for document 93:
	propagation of lactic dehydrogenase-elevating virus in cell culture .   
	  primary cultures of adult mouse lung, spleen, and liver and of mouse  
	embryo support the multiplication of the lactic dehydrogenase-elevating 
	virus . such cultures produced virus continuously until they had been   
	subcultured 2-3 times . this corresponded to 20 weeks in the case of    
	lung and spleen and to 2-3 weeks with cultures of embryo . viral        
	multiplication was not accompanied by cytologic alterations in the cells
	or by changes in their rate of synthesis of nucleic acids or protein .  
	infection did not cause detectable changes in either the production of  
	ldh or in its release from cells .
Contents for document 750:
	lesions of the liver in hereditary
	metabolic diseases
	whether the various cells of the liver, both parenchymal and stromal,
	receive genetic misinformation in all hereditary diseases caused by gene
	mutation is unknown, but the metabolic capabilities of these several cell
	types are so diverse that it is not surprising that their involvement in
	many such diseases can be demonstrated by clinical, pathological, or bio-
	chemical methods.  repetitive abnormality of the liver has apparently not
	been defined for any disease caused by quantitative (i.e., chromosomal)
	gene anomaly, whether produced by nondisjunction, translocation, or
	major deletion, perhaps because relatively few such diseases have been
	described.  as a result, the genetically determined disorders of the liver
	surveyed in this paper appear to be the result of conventional "single
	gene" abnormalities, and to be transmitted in affected families by men-
	delian mechanisms.
Contents for document 649:
	evaluation of tylosin in
	preventing egg transmission of
	mycoplasma gallisepticum in
	chickens
	the inoculation of mycoplasma gallisepticum infective
	yolk into the left posterior thoracic air sac of laying chickens
	resulted in an infection which produced a rate of egg infection
	satisfactory for experimental purposes.  culturing of all live
	embryonating eggs as well as all dead and infertile eggs was
	necessary to determine the rate of egg infection.  tylosin,
	either injected subcutaneously, administered in the drinking
	water, or employed in an egg-dipping solution, greatly reduced
	but did not completely eliminate egg infection.  in the 3 egg
	dipping trials, only 11 isolates of m. gallisepticum were ob-
	tained from 2329 tylosin-dipped eggs, compared to 400 isolates
	from 2984 control eggs.
Contents for document 108:
	chromosomal patterns in cancer patients during treatment .              
	  radiation damages the chromosomes of human cells, and through         
	short-term cultures of white blood cells some of this damage can be     
	assessed . patients with cancer were selected for this study because of 
	the large portions of the blood-forming tissues irradiated in the course
	of treatment . chromosomal damage may be quantitative with variations   
	from the normal number of 46, or qualitative, thereby showing structural
	aberrations . counting the chromosomes in cells from cultures grown     
	prior to therapy and at intervals during treatment enables us to        
	determine the variation .                                               
	  stained preparations examined microscopically allow us to recognize   
	these abnormalities which are apparent before, during, and after        
	radiotherapy . the damage appears to be largely random in the           
	chromosomes affected in the different cancers, and the specific         
	aberrations differ from cell to cell . however, there does seem to be   
	some correlation between the appearance of persistent aberrant          
	chromosomes and their frequency . while the peak incidence or /plateau/ 
	may remain unchanged, the frequency may change .
Contents for document 640:
	serological relationships among human mycoplasmas as shown
	by complement-fixation and gel diffusion
	and robert m. chanock
	antigenic relationships among human
	mycoplasmas were studied by complement-
	fixation and agar gel diffusion techniques.  four
	recognized human species.  mycoplasma hominis
	type 1, m. hominis type 2, m. salivarium, and
	m. fermentans were antigenically distinct in
	these tests.  in addition, m. pneumoniae (eaton
	agent, the etiological agent of cold agglutinin-
	positive atypical pneumonia) was different from
	these four species.  although these species were
	distinct, evidence of shared antigenic components
	was obtained in complement-fixation and agar
	gel diffusion tests.  since rabbits were immunized
	with mycoplasmas grown in rabbit muscle infu-
	sion broth supplemented with rabbit serum or,
	in the case of m. pneumoniae, with infected chick
	embryo lung suspension, the possibility that the
	heterologous reactions resulted from antibody
	to growth medium components could be excluded.
	four recent mycoplasma isolates from the oro-
	pharynx were analyzed, and three were shown to
	be closely related to m. hominis type 1, and the
	fourth was closely related to m. salivarium.
	although the recent isolates could not be dis-
	tinguished from the related "prototype" human
	species by complement-fixation, differences could
	be detected by the agar gel diffusion technique.
Contents for document 766:
	jaundice in infancy
	most causes of jaundice in infancy are discussed.  the empha-
	sis has been on those syndromes solely or usually encountered
	in the neonate and infant.
Contents for document 329:
	766. a lipid-mobilizing substance in the serum of pregnant wo-
	men, of probable placental origin
	a substance capable of inducing free fatty
	acid (ffa) release was found in the sera
	of 12 from 13 pregnant women.  the rat
	epididymal fat pad was used for bioassay.
	this substance circulates in late pregnancy
	and disappears within 5 days post partum.
	it is present in crude placental extracts and
	is removed by their deproteination.  it
	is nondialyzable.  application of pituitary
	extraction procedure to placentae yielded
	active fractions where pituitary growth
	hormone is usually found.  in accordance with
	these facts a hypothesis concerning a part
	of metabolic changes occurring during preg-
	nancy was pronounced as follows.  the
	described substance diminishes maternal glu-
	cose consumption through the elevation of
	plasma free fatty acids, or by direct in-
	hibition of glucose uptake, or both.  this
	permits a preferential shunting of glucose
	to the fetus.  at the same time, increased
	plasma free fatty acid levels would serve
	as the alternative maternal energy substrate.
	elevated maternal insulin levels during
	late pregnancy stabilize the degree of maternal
	lipid mobilization.  the contrainsulin
	properties of a substance capable of mobilizing
	free fatty acids and inhibiting mater-
	nal glucose utilization would pose a diabetogenic
	challenge, and in the face of com-
	promised maternal insulin reserves, provoke
	overt or worsen existing diabetes
	mellitus.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 22

P@10: 0.2
Recall@10: 0.08
AP@10: 0.02333333333333333
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 23: infantile autism.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 819       | 12.673294 |  R  |
|2    | 916       | 12.199807 |  R  |
|3    | 849       | 12.169130 |  R  |
|4    | 804       | 12.069551 |  R  |
|5    | 917       | 12.031471 |  R  |
|6    | 798       | 11.033091 |  R  |
|7    | 817       | 10.206198 |  R  |
|8    | 620       | 9.934263  |     |
|9    | 822       | 9.843986  |  R  |
|10   | 920       | 9.375091  |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 819:
	gilles de la tourette syndrome in an autistic child
	a case of gilles de la tourette syndrome
	presenting an early infantile autism is
	described.  the treatment applied is outlined.
Contents for document 916:
	comments on a case of infantile psychosis.
	an account is given of a case of infantile
	mutism which depended not so much upon
	a true autism as on a withdrawing into
	himself as a defence against a dangerous and
	threatening environment.  there was a
	spectacular and unusual improvement of the
	symptomatology with psychotherapy.
Contents for document 849:
	early infantile autism and receptor processes
	the syndrome of early infantile autism is examined
	as a function of deviation in
	near-distance receptor usage.  these receptor
	deviations are compared with normal
	receptor hierarchies developing from near
	to distance receptor dominance.  the
	available information is consistent with the
	view that early infantile autism involves
	early sensory deprivation.  this sensory
	deprivation results from an interaction
	between a constitutional deficiency inhibiting
	certain reticular arousal functions
	and mothering tending to understimulation.
	treatment of the young autistic child is suggested
	including stimulation and communication
	via the available near receptor
	systems.  in the framework of sensory development,
	directions for the study of early
	diagnosis and treatment are indicated.
Contents for document 804:
	twins discordant
	for early infantile autism
	a pair of heterozygous twins discordant
	for early infantile autism is reported and the
	relevant literature reviewed.  although mani-
	fest organic factors were ruled out, the twins'
	physical development was different.  a spe-
	cific emotional etiology was not demon-
	strated.  the few available twin studies offer
	findings consistent with the hypothesis that
	genetic factors are relevant to the develop-
	ment of childhood autism.  evidence is also
	presented that impaired acquisition of lan-
	guage may have hereditary determinants.
	a second set of probably homozygous
	twins are reported who were also discordant
	for autism.  this second case suggests that,
	although genetic factors may play a part, in
	some cases the syndrome of infantile autism
	appears to be a reversible one.  in view of
	this set of twins and of kanner's sibling data,
	the role of genetic factors remains obscure,
	and more twin studies properly documented
	with blood typing are needed.
Contents for document 917:
	the problems of infantile autism and psychiatric nosology.
	in psychiatric literature the syndrome of
	early infantile autism has been divided
	into several subgroups (as, for instance,
	the subgroup of kanner and the subgroup
	of asperger) and has been assigned to
	different mental conditions (schizophrenia,
	psychopathy, neurosis).  these distinctions
	and classifications are thought to be
	controversial, so long as the etiology of
	early infantile autism is unknown.  nor
	should any 'psychiatric school' claim to
	have the 'right' concept of schizophrenia,
	since the etiology of schizophrenia, too,
	has not yet been discovered.  in this particular
	'pre-scientific' situation of psychiatry
	it seems more promising to analyze
	the individual mental case and to concentrate
	on clinical symptomatology instead
	of discussing arbitrary 'nosological entities'.
Contents for document 798:
	incidence of symptoms of early infantile autism in
	subsequently hospitalized psychiatric patients
	this study was concerned with the
	relationship between the occurrence dur-
	ing the first two years of life of symptoms
	of early infantile autism, as retrospective-
	ly reported by the mothers of s's and
	subsequent adjustment.  the mothers of
	69 unmarried young hospitalized psychia-
	tric patients were interviewed to deter-
	mine the presence or absence of each of
	28 different signs contained in a check
	list.  the signs represent characteristic
	features that are reportedly often found
	in conjunction with early infantile autism.
	as a control, 50 mothers of high school
	students residing in the community and
	presenting no significant adjustment prob-
	lems were questioned in regard to the
	very same items.
	the results indicated that there were
	significantly more symptoms reported for
	patients than for normals, and that this
	finding applied to the overall number of
	symptoms as well as to several subcate-
	gories of symptoms.  the items classified
	under the heading of "social withdrawal"
	appeared to be the most sensitive in dif-
	ferentiating the groups.  it was also found
	that 11 of the 28 signs distinguished be-
	tween the patients and normals, with all
	except one occurring more frequently in
	the former group.  it was concluded that
	a significant relationship existed between
	the reported presence of symptoms that
	are often associated with severe and early
	ego impairment and subsequent status as
	a mental hospital patient.  this study does
	not provide any direct answer to the ques-
	tion of what proportion of children with
	infantile autism are later able to make an
	adequate adjustment outside of a mental
	hospital.
Contents for document 817:
	infantile autism and the schizophrenias
	in a paper published in 1943, entitled "au-
	tistic disturbances of affective con-
	tact," i reported from the children's psychi-
	atric service of the johns hopkins hospital
	observations of 11 children (8 boys and 3
	girls) who had in common a pattern of be-
	havior not previously considered in its
	striking uniqueness.  the symptoms were
	viewed as a combination of extreme alone-
	ness from the beginning of life and an anx-
	iously obsessive desire for the preservation
	of sameness.  i concluded the discussion by
	saying: "we must assume that these chil-
	dren have come into the world with an
	innate inability to form the usual, biologi-
	cally provided affective contact with people,
	just as other children come into the world
	with innate physical and intellectual handi-
	caps.  if this assumption is correct, a further
	study of our children may help to furnish
	concrete criteria regarding the still diffuse
	notions about the constitutional components
	of emotional reactivity.  for here we seem to
	have pure-culture examples of inborn au-
	tistic disturbances of affective contact."
	in my search for an appropriate designa-
	tion, i decided in 1944, after much groping,
	on the term early infantile autism, thus
	accentuating the time of the first manifesta-
	tions and the children's limited accessibility.
Contents for document 620:
	cognitive functioning in early infantile autism: an examination of four cases
	by means of the wechsler intelligence scale for children
	the results are communicated which were obtained from an examination,
	by means of the wechsler intelligence scale for children, of four cases of
	early infantile autism.  these cases had developed in such a way that a
	reliable investigation by means of a mental test had become possible.
	according to their full scale iq's the four cases fell within the category of
	dull normal intelligence or less.  all of them showed a considerable
	discrepancy between the verbal and the performance iq, the performance iq being
	of much higher value.  the composition of the autistic test profiles was
	characterized by a large variability in the subtest scores, discriminating the
	autistic group significantly from non-autistic control groups.  the subtest
	score divergencies, responsible for the large variability, showed a distinct
	pattern, being specific for the autistic group as a whole.  this group could
	be considered as a distinct group particularly by a marked tendency to achieve
	poorly and far below the subject's average level in the subtests comprehension
	and vocabulary, and to achieve superiorly and far above that level in the
	subtests block design and object assembly.  by specifying the mental functions,
	conditional for success in these four subtests that occupy extreme positions
	within the autistic test profiles, it was concluded that the autistic patients
	apparently were able to achieve well, or even superiorly, only if the task
	could be performed on a purely perceptual level.  but they failed as soon as
	an appeal was made to thinking proper.  this was thought to be due to a
	disability in dealing with imaginary things and imaginary situations, or,
	in other words, to an incapability to objectify what is not actually present
	in the subject's concrete situation.  it is proposed that this impairment
	could be reduced to a lack of symbolic means, being the correlate of a
	defective or insufficiently developed language in the patients.  it is further
	proposed that children suffering from early
	infantile autism might not be able,
	or at a later stage only, to reach that level of language development in which
	words can be used as symbols,
	representing absent things and absent situations.
Contents for document 822:
	a study of childhood schizophrenia
	and early infantile autism
	(part i--description of the sample)
	following a period of observation of
	three months' duration, a group of twelve
	autistic schizophrenic children were se-
	lected for a treatment program.  the
	group was selected on criteria which
	would allow a reasonable chance of suc-
	cessful treatment in a group homo-
	geneous enough to allow statistical con-
	siderations to be valid.
	younger age, average intellectual func-
	tioning, presence of an intact family in
	or near to metropolitan toronto and a
	firm diagnosis of autistic schizophrenia
	were the limiting factors.
	rather distinct differences were noted
	in this treatment group as opposed to the
	larger observation group.  the dis-
	tinguishing characteristic was undoubted-
	ly the speech abnormalities present.
Contents for document 920:
	psychotic reactions of childhood: experiences of a mental retardation
	pilot project.
	   clinical team evaluations are presented of a group
	of 32 psychotic children who were initially thought to be
	mentally retarded.  emphasis is placed on consideration
	of as many aspects of the total picture as possible with
	diagnosis resulting from a synthesis of the individual
	pieces of information.  caution is suggested regarding
	interpretation of incomplete psychological test findings,
	especially in regard to prognosis.  the results of this
	study offer guidelines for differential diagnosis between
	psychosis resulting from primary emotional disorders
	and psychosis superimposed on a chronic brain syndrome
	in children.  questions are raised about early infantile
	autism as a unitary syndrome on the basis of etiology.
	the need for a better and more comprehensive diagnostic
	classification of the psychotic reactions of infancy and
	early childhood is stressed.  this must be developed
	before valid comparisons of treatment and prognostic
	considerations can be made among groups of clinicians
	working in the field.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 23

P@10: 0.8
Recall@10: 0.20512820512820512
AP@10: 0.2022792022792023
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 24: compensatory renal hypertrophy - - stimulus resulting in mass increase
hypertrophy and cell proliferation hyperplasia in the remaining
kidney following unilateral nephrectomy in mammals.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 667       | 61.370525 |  R  |
|2    | 938       | 60.025570 |  R  |
|3    | 674       | 57.449905 |  R  |
|4    | 850       | 56.149826 |  R  |
|5    | 686       | 54.252480 |  R  |
|6    | 666       | 50.239586 |  R  |
|7    | 670       | 48.303436 |  R  |
|8    | 668       | 48.170048 |  R  |
|9    | 675       | 47.261234 |     |
|10   | 678       | 44.751305 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 667:
	compensatory renal enlargement
	hypertrophy versus hyperplasia
	after unilateral nephrectomy in the mouse, the compensatory growth
	of the remaining kidney is characterized by an increase in rna and
	protein synthesis within the first hour.  dna synthesis remains un-
	changed for about 18 hours and then rises to a maximum at 48 hours.  by
	the end of the fifth day, when dna synthesis has passed its peak and is
	in decline, cellular hyperplasia has accounted for only one-fourth of the
	increase in kidney weight.  thus it is shown that cell hypertrophy is both
	the primary and the predominant response in the early phase of compen-
	satory renal enlargement.
Contents for document 938:
	the effect of nortestosterone phenylpropionate on compensatory
	hypertrophy of the remaining kidney after unilateral nephrectomy.
	forty-eight hr. after unilateral nephrectomy,
	both in non-castrated and in castrated
	male mice the relative dry weight of the
	remaining kidney increased significantly.
	this compensatory hypertrophy was significantly
	stimulated as early as 96 hr. after
	operation by treatment with 19-nortestosterone
	phenylpropionate (= npp) at the
	time of operation.  the percentual increase
	of the kidney weight was approximately
	the same in non-castrated as in castrated
	mice.  the absolute initial values as well
	as the resulting values 96 hr. after operation
	were higher in non-castrated male
	mice than in castrated animals.  the number
	of cells and the dna concentration per
	g. tissue decreased during the period of
	non-stimulated compensatory hypertrophy
	in both groups of animals.  npp caused a still
	further decrease.  the concentration
	of dna per cell did not change.  following
	non-stimulated compensatory hypertrophy,
	there was no change in the rna concentration
	per g. tissue or per cell in castrated
	mice.  in non-castrated mice the concentration
	increased.  npp caused approximately
	the same percentual increase of rna
	concentration in non-castrated as in
	castrated animals during the period of compensatory
	hypertrophy.  the difference between
	both groups of mice in the rna
	concentration in the remaining kidney
	following stimulation of the compensatory
	hypertrophy by npp was statistically significant.
Contents for document 674:
	experimentelle nierenvergroberung nach unilateraler
	nephrektomie bei ratten
	untersuchungen mit 3h-thymidin
	in this paper it is attempted to clarify certain questions as to the mechanism
	of compensatory renal hypertrophy by means of histological, cytological, and
	autoradiographical examinations in nephrectomy experiments on young and grown
	rats.  based on the results of this investigation the process of compensatory
	renal hypertrophy must be imagined as follows:
	as early as two hours after unilateral nephrectomy, a distinct increase of the
	mitosis index without a simultaneous increase in dna-synthesizing cells was
	observed in the remaining kidney.  it is assumed that a cell division of
	polyploid cells is involved, which were in a prolonged premitotic rest phase.
	after a latent period of 48 hours, the dna-synthesizing cells and dividing
	cells start to increase.  the maximum of the regenerative processes is reached
	between the 3rd and 4th day after nephrectomy.  twenty days after unilateral
	nephrectomy, the regenerative processes are largely concluded.
	all tubule sections participate in the compensatory renal hypertrophy.
	although the regenerative processes are most marked in the central section,
	one cannot speak of the development of an actual indifference zone in the
	regenerating kidney.
	in young test animals, compensatory renal hypertrophy is determined more
	by mitotic cell division, in older test animals more by polyploidization
	processes.
	the results of these investigations provide no certain indications for the
	assumption that amitotic nuclear divisions play a major part in compensatory
	renal hypertrophy.
	proliferation processes which in extent and localization run parallel to the
	regeneration of the parenchyma, are also observed in the cells of the
	connective tissue of the renal vessels.
Contents for document 850:
	studies on compensatory renal hypertrophy.  i.  effect of
	unilateral ureteral ligation and transection
	data are presented comparing the relative rate
	of compensatory renal hypertrophy
	and hyperplasia of the control kidney of rats
	following either unilateral ureteral
	transection, ligation, or nephrectomy.  the growth
	of the control kidney on the unoperated
	side was strikingly slower after ureteral
	transection and ligation when
	compared with that resulting from the removal
	of one kidney.  progressive hydronephrosis
	was observed on the operated side following
	ureteral transection and
	ligation and was more pronounced in the latter.
	degree of hypertrophy of the control
	kidney showed a close correlation with degree and
	duration of the hydronephrosis of
	the kidney on the operated side.  these observations
	have been interpreted as indicating
	the operation of a control system regulating
	kidney growth in response to
	changes in some way related to kidney size.
Contents for document 686:
	chemical aspects of compensatory renal hypertrophy
	the effect of unilateral nephrectomy on the size and composition of the
	remaining kidney has been investigated in rats.  in normal rats the right
	kidney is, on the average, significantly heavier than the left and has a
	higher total content of dna and rna.  the 2 kidneys have almost identical
	ratios of rna/dna and protein/dna.  after unilateral nephrectomy the surviving
	kidney increases steadily in wet and dry weight for the 1st 4 days after the
	operation.  this is accompanied by a much slower increase in total dna
	content and by a dramatic increase in rna/dna ratio.
	the rna/dna ratio in kidney is also affected by diet, being higher on a
	high-protein than on a low-protein intake.  moreover, the rise in rna/dna
	ratio that follows unilateral nephrectomy is greater in animals fed a
	high-protein diet.  the changes in kidney weight and in total contents of dna,
	rna, protein, and lipid phosphorus resulting from the feeding of a high-protein
	diet were found to be of approximately the same magnitude as those in the
	remaining kidney 4 days after unilateral nephrectomy.  the rna/dna and
	protein/dna ratios are also greater in rats fed a diet containing 10% urea,
	but the increase is much less than that in the remaining kidney after
	unilateral nephrectomy.
Contents for document 666:
	cellular proliferation and deoxyribonucleic acid
	synthesis in compensating kidneys of mice
	and the effect of food and water
	restriction
	compensatory enlargement of the kid-
	ney occurred after unilateral nephrectomy
	in mice.  fourteen days after the removal of
	one kidney the surviving renal tissue                                  6
	weighed 23 per cent more than single kid-
	neys from sham-operated animals.  the
	hyperplastic response of the cortex on the
	second postoperative day was 8 times
	greater than that seen in the same zone of
	kidneys from sham-operated animals.  by
	10 days after surgery the mitotic index of
	the cortex returned to control values.  the
	outer medulla also underwent hyperplasia
	but only on the second day following
	unilateral nephrectomy was the increase
	significant.  an increase in mitotic activity
	was found in the inner medulla of surviving
	kidneys, but it was not statistically signifi-
	cant.
	both starvation for 48 hours and water
	restriction for 60 hours prevented the hyper-
	plastic responses in the remaining kidneys
	2 days after unilateral nephrectomy.  when
	water was given 48 hours after unilateral
	nephrectomy (after 60 hours of water
	restriction) significant increases in mitotic
	activity were noted in the cortex of remain-
	ing kidneys on the fourth and fifth post-
	operative days.  however, even after free
	access to food was allowed (after 48 hours
	without food) no significant increase in
	mitotic frequency of the remaining kidney
	was found.
	deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis in con-
	trol kidneys of mice was highest in the cor-
	tex and lowest in the inner medulla as
	revealed by radioautographic studies fol-
	lowing the injection of tritiated thymidine.
	two days following removal of one kidney
	the labeling index of the cortex of remaining
	kidneys increased 3-fold.  no statistically
	significant increases of deoxyribonucleic
	acid synthesis were noted in either the outer
	or inner medullary regions of the remaining
	kidneys.
Contents for document 670:
	cell proliferation in compensatory renal growth
	rats with one kidney removed showed a progressive increase in weight of the
	remaining kidney over a six-week period.
	autoradiographic and radiochemical studies with 3h-thymidine indicated that the
	increase in new kidney cell formation was maximal forty-eight to seventy-two
	hours after unilateral nephrectomy.  this early response was chiefly due to the
	production of new cells by the renal cortical tubules.  normal rates of tubule
	cell turnover were achieved two weeks after operation.  the glomerular tufts
	contained fewer new cells and their peak production was delayed to the
	one-week period with a slow decline thereafter.
	rats forty-eight hours after unilateral nephrectomy were chosen as a model to
	study the effect of various substances on the magnitude of new cell formation.
	the number of dna-synthesising cells in the stimulated kidney was reduced by
	treatment with hydrocortisone, acth, 9,10-dimethyl-1,2-benzanthracene, and
	1,2-benzanthracene; the numbers were increased by the administration of
	deoxycorticosterone and aldosterone.
Contents for document 668:
	cell proliferation
	in experimental hydronephrosis
	and compensatory renal hyperplasia
	mitosis counts and autoradiographic counts of nuclei labeled with
	tritiated thymidine were made in the renal cortex of male rats in which
	the left ureter was ligated.  these were compared with corresponding
	counts in the remaining kidney after left nephrectomy, and in sham-
	operated controls 24, 48 and 72 hours after operation.  the cortex of
	the kidney on the obstructed side showed a greater number of tritium-
	labeled nuclei and mitotic figures than in the kidney undergoing com-
	pensatory hyperplasia.  epithelial and interstitial cells responded simul-
	taneously on the obstructed side, whereas in the remaining kidney after
	nephrectomy, the epithelial response preceded a slight interstitial re-
	sponse by 48 hours.  the contralateral kidney in rats subjected to
	ureteral ligation showed no response.
	we concluded that the early response of increased dna synthesis
	and cell division in the obstructed kidney was not mediated by humoral
	factors; it was localized and probably had a different mechanism than
	the proliferative response occurring in compensatory renal hyperplasia.
Contents for document 675:
	abscopal effects of whole-body
	x-irradiation on compensatory hypertrophy
	of the rat kidney.
	the weight and dna content of normal growing (i.e., intact), and
	hypertrophying (i.e., following uninephrectomy) rat kidneys were
	obtained from several hundred sprague-dawley white rats.  the
	effect of whole body x irradiation with 500 rad and local irradiation
	to the kidney with 1000 rad, was then determined by following the
	rate and degree of hypertrophy and the dna content of the kidney.
	when calculated on the basis of body surface area, a constant ratio
	of kidney weight and of kidney dna was found in the normal, non-
	hypertrophying kidneys of 5-12 week old rats.  after 21 days of
	hypertrophy these values increased approximately 50 per cent over
	normal in rats 4-6 weeks old at the time of nephrectomy.  for
	animals 6-14 weeks old at the time of nephrectomy the corresponding
	increase was only about 20 per cent.
	following uninephrectomy and x irradiation with 1000 rad to the
	exteriorized remaining kidney, 4 week old rats whose bodies were
	lead-shielded during irradiation showed no body weight growth
	retardation, no significant difference in the dna content of the
	kidney, and a small but significant decrease in weight increment
	of the hypertrophying kidney after 21 days.
	rats exposed to 500 rad of x rays with the kidney shielded during
	irradiation, when compared with nonirradiated controls, showed body
	weight growth retardation, a reduction in the dna content of the
	kidney, and a reduction in the amount of kidney hypertrophy 21 days
	following uninephrectomy.  a still greater inhibition of both kidney
	compensatory hypertrophy and the increase in dna content of the
	kidney occurred after 500 rad whole body irradiation.
	food restriction in nonirradiated 4 week old rats resulting in
	body weight growth retardation, elicited a marked reduction in
	kidney weight and in dna content of the hypertrophying kidney 21
	days after uninephrectomy.
	it is concluded that the reduction in kidney hypertrophy following
	whole body x irradiation with 500 rad is due in some measure to an
	abscopal or indirect effect, secondary to decreased body weight.
Contents for document 678:
	the role of age and x-irradiation on kidney
	function in the mouse
	female mouse kidneys show a decline with respect to age in the ability to
	concentrate the urine during a 24-hour water fast.  x-irradiation early in
	life has no measurable long-term effect on this process.
	kidney cortex slices of old female mice can concentrate p-aminohippuric
	acid against a concentration gradient equally as well as slices from young
	mice.  there is no loss in this ability by cortex slices from young or old
	female x-irradiated mice.
	it is uncertain whether compensatory renal hypertrophy after unilateral
	nephrectomy declines with age in nonirradiated mice.  x-irradiation does
	cause a reduction in the degree of compensatory renal hypertrophy in the aging
	mouse.  this reduction may represent a loss in the ability of kidney cells to
	undergo cell division.
	the administration of testosterone propionate to old mice during compen-
	satory renal hypertrophy results in an increased hypertrophy.  the increase is
	relatively the same for irradiated and nonirradiated mice, indicating the lack
	of a long-term effect of x-irradiation to reduce the ability of a target
	organ to respond to a hormone.
	the over-all conclusion of this study, with respect to "radiation-induced
	aging," is that x-irradiation of the female swiss mouse early in life does not
	have a pronounced effect on kidney function late in life but may have a long-
	term effect on those processes concerned with cell division.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 24

P@10: 0.8
Recall@10: 0.36363636363636365
AP@10: 0.36363636363636365
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 25: use of chlorothiazide diuril or hydrochlorothiazide hydrodiuril in
the treatment of nephogenic diabetes insipidus in children; also,
use of low sodium diets and aldactone spironolactone in the treatment
of childhood nephogenic diabetes insipidus.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 687       | 74.311104 |  R  |
|2    | 697       | 59.978626 |  R  |
|3    | 690       | 58.516148 |  R  |
|4    | 695       | 58.505089 |  R  |
|5    | 699       | 56.950073 |  R  |
|6    | 951       | 50.316830 |  R  |
|7    | 698       | 49.716164 |  R  |
|8    | 696       | 48.272224 |     |
|9    | 689       | 46.248371 |  R  |
|10   | 694       | 45.681446 |  R  |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 687:
	the antidiuretic mechanism of hydrochlorothia-
	zide in the treatment of diabetes insipidus
	the changes in water and electro-
	lyte balance during hydrochlorothiazide
	therapy in 2 patients with vasopressin-
	deficient diabetes insipidus were studi-
	ed.  in 1 case, under fixed daily so-
	dium intake, the urinary sodium excre-
	tion markedly increased on the first day
	of treatment, but the urinary volume
	began to fall on the second day and per-
	sisted low for 3 days after discontinua-
	tion of the drug.  in the other case the
	urinary volume markedly decreased
	when the daily sodium intake was strict-
	ly limited.  it further decreased on
	hydrochlorothiazide therapy but after
	sodium intake was restored it returned
	to the pretreatment level despite con-
	tinued use of the drug.
	the antidiuretic action of hydro-
	chlorothiazide in the treatment of dia-
	betes insipidus is believed to be related
	to the sodium depletion state of the body
	brought about by increased output or
	decreased intake of sodium.  sodium
	and water reabsorption in the proximal
	convoluted tubules in the kidney in-
	creases and the amount of glomerular
	filtrate reaching the distal convoluted
	tubules decreases.  thus the final
	urinary volume falls.
Contents for document 697:
	antidiuretic effect of hydrochlorothiazide
	in diabetes insipidus
	and ch'iuan-lu
	12 cases of diabetes insipidus
	were studied during hydrochlorothia-
	zide therapy under a fixed diet.  the
	symptoms, blood pressure, urinary
	volume, blood and urinary electrolytes,
	plasma volume, electrocardiogram and
	hypertonic saline intravenous drip test
	were compared before and after treat-
	ment.
	a daily dose of 100-150 mg
	brought down the urinary volume to
	about 50% of the pretreatment value.
	the initial antidiuretic effect was noted
	8 hours after medication and the
	maximal effect after the fourth or fifth
	day.  owing to the kaluretic action of
	the drug, 2-4 gm of potassium salt was
	also given each day.  satisfactory re-
	sults were obtained with dietary sodium
	ion at not more than 200 meq daily, but
	ingestion of excessive table salt fre-
	quently diminished or even destroyed
	the therapeutic effect.
	the physical signs, blood pres-
	sure and ecg were essentially un-
	changed and the plasma volumes were
	altered after treatment.  the hyper-
	tonic saline test was improved in some
	of the patients.
	low salt syndrome was fre-
	quently encountered as the therapy
	continued over 1 month.  but this and
	even secondary failure could be pre-
	vented by timely use of intermittent or
	alternative regimen.
	the therapeutic mechanism,
	indications and side effects of the drug
	were briefly discussed.  the drug might
	possibly act through the mechanism of
	salt depletion, contraction of extracel-
	lular fluid volume and decrease of renal
	glomerular filtrate, and in consequence
	urinary volume decreases and thirst is
	alleviated.
Contents for document 690:
	salt and water
	the antidiuretic effect of thiazides is thus the
	result of the induced sodium deficit.  the fall in
	serum osmolality may be contributory by
	reducing thirst.  as depletion of body sodium will
	be self-limiting the major hazard to the use of
	thiazides is potassium depletion.  treatment of
	patients with vasopressin insufficiency type of
	diabetes insipidus with thiazides is only indicated
	for those who are intolerant of hormone replace-
	ment.  in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus thiazides
	have a more important therapeutic application.
Contents for document 695:
	the use and mode of action of ethacrynic acid
	in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
	the use of diuretic agents in the treatment
	of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus had been re-
	ported to result in decreased urine volume
	and decreased clearance of free water.  a
	study of the use of ethacrynic acid, a potent
	saluretic agent, was instituted in patients
	with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in an
	attempt to achieve a significant antidiuretic
	response while allowing a liberal sodium diet.
	intravenous ethacrynic acid resulted in de-
	creased urine volume, decreased clearance of
	free water and decreased rpf and gfr.
	prolonged oral administration of ethacrynic
	acid promoted a significant antidiuretic re-
	sponse when the daily sodium intake was
	limited to 60 meq.  the effect of ethacrynic
	acid on renal function, potassium and chlo-
	ride excretion, and uric acid metabolism are
	discussed.
Contents for document 699:
	antidiuretic properties of chlorothiazide
	in diabetes insipidus dogs
	chlorothiazide was found to decrease
	urine volume and increase urine con-
	centration in diabetes insipidus dogs.
	there was no change in gfr, rpf,
	tmpah, plasma volume, extracellular
	fluid or total body water.  the one con-
	sistent altered function was a decrease
	in "free water" clearance.  diazoxide and
	mercuhydrin were not antidiuretic.  it is
	believed that the antidiuretic action is
	dependent on the chlorothiazide-induced
	saluresis.  although the mechanism of
	this antidiuresis has not been clearly de-
	fined, it seems best explained by postu-
	lating a decrease in filtrate reaching the
	distal nephron (giving a decreased final
	urine volume) coupled with inhibition of
	solute reabsorption in the distal tubule
	(preventing the selective reabsorption of
	solute in the distal tubule that is nor-
	mally seen, accounting for the increase
	in urine concentration).  the possible
	role of the mineralocorticoids in the
	antidiuretic response to chlorothiazide
	therapy was investigated in diabetes in-
	sipidus and adrenalectomized dogs.  ad-
	ministration of sodium-retaining steroids
	to diabetes insipidus dogs did not re-
	produce the urinary changes associated
	with chlorothiazide therapy.  in addition,
	the antidiuretic response to chlorothia-
	zide was not altered by adrenalectomy
	or spironolactone administration.  there-
	fore, the presence of the sodium-retain-
	ing steroids are not essential for the anti-
	diuretic response of chlorothiazide in
	diabetes insipidus.
Contents for document 951:
	treatment of diabetes insipidus: synthetic lysine vasopressin
	nasal solution.
	twenty patients with vasopressin-deficient
	diabetes insipidus were treated with a
	nasal solution of synthetic lysine vasopressin.
	use of the nasal spray 2 to 8 times
	daily controlled polyuria in all patients
	without recurrence of the side effects
	occasionally observed with posterior pituitary
	preparations of animal origin.  one
	pregnant patient was well controlled to term
	without undesirable uterine stimulation.
	because of its ease of administration,
	the absence of significant water
	retention (if used judiciously) and the freedom
	from potentially serious allergic
	reactions to foreign protein, this synthetic
	preparation is recommended for clinical use.
Contents for document 698:
	the effect of hydrochlorothiazide on water intake
	and plasma osmolality in diabetes insipidus in
	the rat
	a fall in plasma osmolality accompanied the reduction of urine volume in
	rats with hypothalamic diabetes insipidus, given hydrochlorothiazide and an
	otherwise normal diet.  the plasma concentration was not reduced with a
	high sodium intake, although urine volume still fell.  normal rats and hypo-
	thalamic obese rats increased their water turnover after hydrochlorothiazide,
	yet their plasma concentration fell.  moreover the antidiuretic response to
	vasopressin, which is purely renal, was also accompanied by plasma dilution;
	although it is self-evident that rats which drink less are less thirsty, the
	reduction in thirst after hydrochlorothiazide may not be a direct result of the
	change in plasma osmolality.
	as previously shown in patients (kennedy and hill, 1963) a high sodium
	intake increased free water clearance in diabetes insipidus but did not
	interfere with the reduction of polyuria by hydrochlorothiazide, whereas a high
	potassium intake reduced free water clearance and prevented any effect of the
	drug on urine volume.
Contents for document 696:
	the treatment of pituitary responsive
	diabetes insipidus
	in evaluating therapy in diabetes insipidus, it is important to note we
	are altering only ten per cent of the reabsorption function of the kidney.
	the kidney function in a case of diabetes insipidus is as efficient in its
	activity as are biological tests.  the purpose of therapy is patient
	convenience, economy, and normal function in society.  the diabetes insipidus
	itself does not alter the life span, however, secondary factors may introduce
	it into a health problem.
	lysyl-8-vasopressin nasal spray is effective, offers a maximum of conve-
	nience, and has produced no untoward reactions.
	it is, as expected, ineffective in the treatment of extrapituitary (pituitary
	unresponsive) diabetes insipidus.
Contents for document 689:
	investigations into the thiazide-induced antidiuresis in
	patients with diabetes insipidus
	plasma sodium, osmolality and serum
	chloride, together with creatinine clear-
	ance, were studied before and during
	thiazide treatment of 7 patients with
	diabetes insipidus.
	the diuresis was reduced by 28-39%.
	the urine osmolality was increased by
	7-128%.  an average decrease in plasma
	sodium of 4 meq/i, in plasma osmolality
	of 21 mosm/kg, and in serum chloride of
	8 meq/i was observed.  only in one pa-
	tient was the creatinine clearance re-
	duced significantly.  the thirst-feeling was
	reduced even from the first day of treat-
	ment.  the diuresis was not minimal until
	the third to fourth day.  if the diuresis was
	corrected for the extra electrolyte ex-
	cretion initiated by the thiazide, the
	antidiuresis was found to be operating to
	the full extent even on the first day of
	treatment.
	it is concluded that the antidiuresis is
	mainly secondary to the natriuresis and to
	a certain degree due to a decreased thirst-
	feeling; but there seems also to be a direct
	renal action, involving at least a reduc-
	tion of the glomerular filtration rate.  a
	pronounced antidiuresis was found by a
	water deprivation test after thiazide
	treatment in one patient.
Contents for document 694:
	the role of aldosterone and vasopressin in the postural
	changes in renal excretion in normal subjects
	and patients with idiopathic edema
	the effects of the upright posture
	(leisurely walking for 2 hours) on half-
	hourly urine volume, and excretion of
	sodium and creatinine were studied in
	13 normal subjects and 13 patients with
	idiopathic edema, while they drank 150
	or 300 ml. of 0.14 per cent sodium
	chloride solution every half hour.  when
	the 2 hours of walking were compared
	with a preceding recumbent period of
	4 hours, both groups were found to show
	a significant antidiuresis upright.  the
	administration of ethanol during the last
	half hour of recumbency abolished the
	fall in urine flow and in free water clear-
	ance during the first hour of walking in
	the normal subjects and significantly re-
	duced this fall in the patients with
	edema.  sodium excretion in the normal
	subjects was slightly but not significantly
	lower when upright than when recum-
	bent, but in the edematous patients was
	significantly lower when upright and fell
	progressively over the 2 hour period.  ad-
	ministration of spironolactone or d-
	amphetamine increased sodium excretion
	during recumbency in both groups but
	increased sodium excretion upright only
	in the edematous patients to equal that
	of the normal subjects.  creatinine excre-
	tion was not changed in either group by
	posture or drug therapy.  similar studies
	were performed on 5 patients with un-
	treated diabetes insipidus and on 6 pa-
	tients with adrenal insufficiency treated
	with hydrocortisone alone.  lack of al-
	dosterone (in adrenal insufficiency) did
	not increase the amount of sodium ex-
	creted above that of normal subjects in
	recumbency and did not prevent the oc-
	currence of significant sodium retention
	in the upright posture.  however, lack
	of adh (in diabetes insipidus) delayed
	the antidiuresis upright for 30 minutes.
	the results indicate that adh release
	is probably responsible for the reduction
	in urine volume during the first 30 min-
	utes after assuming the upright posture,
	but not thereafter.  the excessive magni-
	tude of the orthostatic antidiuresis in
	idiopathic edema probably results from
	a cause other than adh release, since it
	is not completely overcome by ethanol.
	reduced na excretion during 2 hours in
	the upright posture can occur in the
	absence of circulating aldosterone, but
	the abnormal magnitude of the na re-
	tention in the patients with idiopathic
	edema probably results from hyperal-
	dosteronism.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 25

P@10: 0.9
Recall@10: 0.375
AP@10: 0.36620370370370375
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 26: methods for experimental production of and known causes of
hydrocephalus in animals and humans.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 657       | 24.352547 |     |
|2    | 859       | 23.754831 |     |
|3    | 1018      | 23.058462 |     |
|4    | 208       | 21.325195 |     |
|5    | 981       | 20.510231 |     |
|6    | 739       | 20.006517 |     |
|7    | 1011      | 19.790051 |     |
|8    | 598       | 19.787464 |     |
|9    | 634       | 19.782280 |     |
|10   | 726       | 19.040323 |  R  |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 657:
	chronic respiratory disease in mice and rats
	chronic respiratory disease (crd) in both mice and rats embraces two
	separate entities, namely: infectious catarrh caused by mycoplasmas
	(pleuropneumonia-like organisms) and enzootic bronchiectasis by a virus.
	the two syndromes are discussed in regard to their etiology, pathologic
	manifestations, and transmission.  particular attention is paid to the relation
	of mycoplasmas to infectious catarrh.  the morphologic and cultural
	characteristics of the catarrhal types of these organisms are considered
	from the standpoint of differential diagnosis.  the importance of crd in the
	maintenance of breeding colonies and in the use of animals for experimental
	purposes is stressed.  methods for the establishment of specific pathogen-free
	colonies, as a means of control, are briefly outlined together with
	observations on a cesarean-derived line of swiss mice.
Contents for document 859:
	the effect of actinomycin d on parathyroid-induced
	change in bone and kidney.
	actinomycin d (amd), an antibiotic known to
	inhibit dna-directed rna synthesis,
	was used to study parathyroid-induced changes
	in ca mobilization in vivo and in vitro
	as well as renal excretion of ca and phosphate
	in rats.  intact and parathyroidectomized
	rats subjected to peritoneal lavage were
	administered amd, and changes in
	ca, p, and mg in lavage and serum were
	examined.  amd consistently lowered the
	ca transfer into the peritoneal rinse in both
	the intact and parathyroidectomized animals,
	although the drop in ca was more acute
	if the animals were pretreated by subcutaneous
	injections of amd than if amd was
	administered as a component of the
	rinse.  pretreatment of lavaged animals with
	amd prevented the expected increase
	in osteoclast numbers in the distal metaphysis
	of the femur but had no effect if administered
	as a component of the peritoneal rinse.
	the incubation of femora removed
	from both intact and parathyroidectomized
	animals resulted in media ca levels that
	were significantly lower after 4 hr. incubation
	when amd was added in vitro.  however,
	transfer of recently injected ca into
	the incubation medium from animals
	treated with amd was increased.  in addition,
	parathyroidectomy of animals subsequent
	to administration of amd still resulted
	in expected changes in ca and p in the
	urine although amd significantly increased p
	excretion in both intact and parathyroidectomized
	animals.  it was concluded that
	endogenous parathyroid hormone requires
	the continuous production of enzymes ultimately
	responsible for its action on bone
	and kidney, but that this action is not necessarily
	related directly to the production
	of m-rna.
Contents for document 1018:
	metabolism and excretion of bilirubin c in experimental obstructive
	jaundice.
	   bile duct ligation was carried out in a series of
	rhesus monkeys.  the time required for the serum bilirubin
	to stop rising and achieve a relatively stable level,
	and the average serum bilirubin reached, paralleled closely
	that seen clinically.  after the serum bilirubin levels
	had stopped rising and a 'steady state' had been reached,
	radioactive bilirubin was injected i.v.  the radioisotope was
	distributed principally extravascularly and not in the same
	ratio as albumin, as in other forms of jaundice.  daily turnover
	of bilirubin was found to be double that anticipated
	from normal hb breakdown, suggesting increased bilirubin
	production in obstructive jaundice.  in animals followed for
	2 wk nearly 80% of injected radioactivity was excreted in the
	urine, indicating that in obstructive jaundice the kidney
	takes over entirely from the liver the function of bilirubin
	excretion.
Contents for document 208:
	factors influencing development of tumors in frogs .                    
	  (1) study of 75 spontaneous tumors of vermont frogs showed three      
	pathological grades of malignancy present.. aggressive renal            
	adenocarcinoma in some 30 per cent, medium adenocarcinoma in 50 per     
	cent, and lower grade mixed with tumors of undetermined origin in the   
	remaining 20 per cent .                                                 
	  (2) correlation with parasite infections (trematodes) was demonstrable
	in only few cases in the kidney . hyperplasias and neoplasias grading   
	into lung primary carcinoma have been found in the lung in r. pipiens . 
	temperatures below 15 c. protected animals from lung as well as kidney  
	disease . higher temperatures disturbed the host-parasite relationships 
	and led to higher incidence of malignancy . in the bullfrog, precancer  
	was clearly associated with the worm attachment discs .                 
	  (3) other histological types of tumors in vermont frogs included      
	lymphosarcomas, liposarcoma, mesothelioma, epithelioma, and adrenal and 
	cartilage tumors of uncertain malignancy .                              
	  (4) improved methods of obtaining tumor filtrates allowed greater     
	probability of inducing malignancy with direct renal injection . in 106 
	frogs 37 per cent developed histologically provable cancers in the      
	ranges of three to seven months . twenty-six per cent showed some       
	pre-cancer response and 43 per cent were negative . within the series   
	receiving filtrate from high malignancy donors one group yielded 100 per
	cent positive, the others 50 and 38 per cent, respectively .            
	  (5) among animals injected with /low/ malignancy filtrate, fewer      
	tumors resulted . some of these were clearly vesicular carcinomas and   
	could be classed as lung tumors .                                       
	  (6) improved tissue culture methods allowed explants to live in liquid
	media under perforated cellophane up to one year . slower growth, aided 
	by lower temperatures (16 c.) improved the microecology of cell types   
	and allowed detailed daily observations of each cell's intranuclear and 
	intranucleolar physiology for extended time-lapse cine-photography .    
	  (7) mechanisms for malignant transformation are related to increased  
	activity and production of nucleolar dna and rna . the infective dna    
	hypothesis is not classical virus theory, but it does offer detailed    
	support .
Contents for document 981:
	a review of immunologic methods for the diagnosis of filariasis.
	the author reviews the historical application
	of the skin test, cft, precipitin test,
	haemagglutination and bentonite flocculation,
	and prausnitz-kuestner test to the
	diagnosis of various filarial infections in
	man and animals, with a discussion of
	areas requiring further study.  he is of the
	opinion that with standardization of techniques,
	immunologic methods can be made
	to furnish a reliable means of diagnosis,
	notwithstanding the past unreliability of such
	methods.  a bibliography arranged in
	chronological order lists 125 papers covering
	the period from 1916 to 1962, and a
	supplementary list of references includes
	22 recent papers on general aspects of
	the subject.
Contents for document 739:
	the periodicity of microfilariae
	ix. transfusion of microfilariae (edesonfilaria) into
	monkeys at a different phase of the circadian rhythm
	this paper reports experiments in which microfilariae at one phase of their
	circadian rhythm were transfused into a host at another phase of the circadian
	rhythm, in an attempt to analyse the relative importance of the rhythms
	inherent in the microfilariae and of those in the host for the production of
	the well known periodic migrations.  the experiments were performed with
	edesonfilaria malayensis (yeh, 1960) present in a macaca monkey from thailand.
Contents for document 1011:
	transient familial neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
	a syndrome of transient familial neonatal
	unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia not due
	to known causes has been described in 24
	infants of 8 unrelated, healthy caucasian
	mothers.  four of the infants developed
	kernicterus.  beginning in the 2nd trimester
	of pregnancy, sera from the 8 mothers
	and their newborn infants inhibited direct-reacting
	bilirubin and o-aminophenol glucuronide
	formation by rat liver slices and
	homogenates, respectively, 4 to 10 times
	more than was observed with sera from
	a control group of pregnant women and
	their infants.  the serum inhibitory factor
	in these women is unidentified.  the fact
	that the inhibitor occurs in pregnancy
	serum suggests that it is probably a progestational
	steroid that inhibits glucuronyl
	transferase activity in the liver of neonates.
	the mechanism responsible for increased
	serum inhibitor factor activity
	in these women is unknown and requires
	further study.
Contents for document 598:
	growth hormone and diabetes mellitus
	since the advent of insulin the vascular and neurological
	lesions have replaced ketoacidosis as the major
	problem in diabetes.  although good control of hyperglycemia
	and glycosuria with diet and insulin may
	influence favorably the development of the ocular angiopathy,
	there remains a high incidence of these
	lesions with resulting blindness despite such good
	control.
	growth hormone may be a major factor in the
	pathophysiology of diabetes mellitus and its effects
	may be a reflection of the genetic disturbance.  its importance
	was first realized by the classical experiments
	of houssay and those of young which revealed its
	diabetogenic effects in experimental animals.  the association
	of acromegaly with diabetes has been for a
	long time the major argument in support of the hypothesis
	of the diabetogenic effect of growth hormone
	in man.
Contents for document 634:
	establishment of a turkey flock free of 'n' strain mycoplasma
	mycoplasma of the 'n' strain are frequently isolated from
	turkey poults affected with airsacculitis but free of
	mycoplasma gallisepticum.  research on the 'n' strain has
	been impeded by the presence of a high proportion of
	turkey poults with airsacculitis in all breeding flocks
	examined, by the difficulty of culturing and identifying
	the mycoplasma strains, and by the lack of a practical
	serologic test.  this communication describes the establishment
	of a small nucleus of 'n'-free turkeys from a commercial
	breeding flock known to carry 'n' mycoplasma.
	hens and toms for the production of 'n'-free poults were
	selected from the parent flock by serology and culture.
Contents for document 726:
	gastrointestinal
	ulceration and central
	nervous system lesions
	there is both a real and an apparent in-
	crease in the incidence of severe gastroin-
	testinal ulceration due to central nervous
	lesions.  some of this increased incidence
	reflects recently devised iatrogenic measures
	including new drugs and surgical therapy.
	in adults, cerebrovascular lesions are the
	commonest single cause of acute peptic ul-
	ceration found at autopsy.  in children, we
	found 25 instances of upper gastrointestinal
	ulceration due to central nervous system le-
	sions in 1,750 autopsies.  two general ana-
	tomical categories could be recognized: acute
	ulceration and malacias.
	a variety of causative central nervous sys-
	tem lesions was responsible in these 25 cases,
	the commonest being bacterial meningitis.
	other causes were poliomyelitis, brain tu-
	mor, hydrocephalus, etc.
	theories of pathogenesis are presented.
	more experience with both drug and surgical
	therapy is needed.  the recent development
	of local freezing techniques offers promise
	for reduction of mortality.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 26

P@10: 0.1
Recall@10: 0.03571428571428571
AP@10: 0.0035714285714285718
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 27: interested in the parasitic diseases.  filaria parasites found in
primates, the insect vectors of filaria, the related diptera, i. e.,
culicoides, mosquitos, etc., that may serve as vectors of this
infection-disease; also the life cycles and transmission of the
filaria.  parasites and ecology of the taiwan monkey, macaca cyclopis,
with emphasis on the filarial parasite, macacanema formosana.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 732       | 74.287392 |  R  |
|2    | 734       | 64.207420 |  R  |
|3    | 731       | 61.187309 |  R  |
|4    | 984       | 60.843594 |  R  |
|5    | 978       | 56.564980 |     |
|6    | 980       | 56.167610 |  R  |
|7    | 974       | 54.436264 |     |
|8    | 728       | 53.101032 |  R  |
|9    | 977       | 49.130005 |  R  |
|10   | 438       | 49.011715 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 732:
	the filarial parasites of the eastern gorilla in the congo
	a survey for parasites has been undertaken in 20 mountain
	gorillas (gorilla gorilla beringei) from the eastern congo kivu
	province.
	six full-grown (two males and four females),
	three adolescents
	(one male and two females), and eleven
	young gorillas were
	examined, some of them during several
	consecutive months.  nine
	autopsies were performed.
	no protozoa were discovered in the blood.
	plasmodium parasites
	which are common in gorillas and chimpanzees
	from west africa
	were never found in the eastern congo primates,
	including ten
	other gorillas examined previously and some fifty chimpanzees.
	severe diarrhoea with a balantidiasis picture developed in two
	young gorillas.  autopsy revealed however an intensive infection
	with oesophagostomum stephanostomum and resulting fatty degenera-
	tion of the liver.  oligotrichida belonging to the genus troglodytella
	were commonly found in the intestinal tract.  oesophagostomum
	stephanostomum eggs were consistently present in the stools of
	the gorillas and autoinfection caused the death of several young
	gorillas 4 to 6 weeks after their capture.
	many microfilariae were found in the blood and the skin.  pre-
	liminary communications were published mentioning the existence
	of four different microfilariae in the blood of gorillas and of three
	others in the dermal layers of the skin.  after a detailed study seven
	species have been identified and described:  dipetalonema leopoldi,
	d. gorillae, d. vanhoofi, d. streptocercum, microfilaria binucleata,
	loa loa gorillae n.subsp. and onchocerca volvulus.  three of the
	worms described have so far been discovered only in gorilla gorilla,
	namely dipetalonema leopoldi, d. gorillae and loa loa gorillae.  two
	of them were previously known from the chimpanzee, namely
	d. vanhoofi and microfilaria binucleata.  one species, d. strepto-
	cercum, first discovered in man and later described from the chimpan-
	zee, is now also known from gorilla gorilla.  onchocerca volvulus has
	been found in only one of the 20 gorillas examined.  gorilla gorilla
	beringei in eastern congo might become through close contact
	with man and his filarial vectors an abnormal or accidental host of
	d. streptocercum and onchocerca volvulus or else might be considered
	as an original reservoir of these filarial parasites of man.
Contents for document 734:
	studies on loiasis in monkeys.
	iv.--experimental hybridization of the human and
	simian strains of loa
	in the cameroons rain-forest there exist two strains of loa, each apparently
	evolving in its own host-vector complex (duke and wijers, 1958).  the natural
	simian parasite which is found most abundantly in the drill (mandrillus
	leucophaeus), is characterized by the large somatic size of the adult worms
	and microfilariae and by its nocturnal microfilariae periodicity.  it is
	transmitted among the monkey population by the crepuscular canopy-dwelling
	chrysops langi and c. centurionis.  the natural human parasite has diurnally
	periodic microfilariae and is transmitted by the day-biting anthropophilic
	c. silacea and c. dimidiata (bombe form).  it can also be transmitted
	experimentally to the drill, in which host the parasites are of small somatic
	size and maintain their diurnal periodicity.
	as the two strains of contrasting periodicity can be maintained in drills, it
	was decided to try cross-mating them to produce hybrids.  the present paper
	describes the methods by which this was done, records the characteristics of
	the hybrid parasites, and suggests that, when interbreeding, the two strains
	segregate according to a simple mendelian pattern as regards periodicity and
	somatic size.
Contents for document 731:
	the occurence of dirofilaria magnilarvatum price
	and brugia sp. in philippine monkeys
	of 356 macaca philippinensis examined, three were
	found infected with dirofilaria magnilarvatum price, 1959.
	one of these was infected also with a species of brugla.
	both species showed a sub-periodic type of microfilarial
	periodicity.  these observations suggest that philippine
	macaques may serve as reservoirs for sub-periodic
	b. malayi on palawan, where high rates of infection have
	been found in people living in small villages in the
	forests.  mansonia bonneae was found naturally infected
	with third stage larvae of d. magnilarvatum.  it is sug-
	gested that monkeys may serve as reservoirs for sub-
	periodic b. malayi on the island of palawan, where high
	rates of infection with this species have been observed
	in people living in small villages in the forest.
Contents for document 984:
	filariasis in mountain province, luzon, republic of the philippines.
	an endemic focus of w. bancrofti in mountain
	province, luzon (calaccad valley),
	is discussed.  an 11% microfilaremia rate
	was found.  the parasites were probably
	brought into this area in the original human
	migration, as recent immigrants came
	from non-infected areas.  no infection was
	found in children under 12 yr. of age,
	which correlates with spraying of the area
	since 1953.  however, some people live
	in unsprayed houses, and children may
	become infected.  with coming road development
	and urbanization, culex p. fatigans
	will move in and undoubtedly increase
	transmission.  currently anopheles minimus
	flavirostris is the most important
	local vector.  aedes (finlaya) niveus was
	probably also a vector.
Contents for document 978:
	preliminary report on the leucoconcentration technique applied to the
	study of microfilaraemia.
	in a case of filariasis due to wuchereria
	bancrofti the routine leucoconcentration
	technique used in the demonstration of steinberg's
	neoplasic cells in circulating
	blood was applied.  this method makes it
	possible to obtain considerable enrichment.
	demonstration of filaria can be performed
	during daylight.  from the material
	obtained, preparation of specific antigens,
	that make possible an immunological
	diagnosis, may be carried out.
Contents for document 980:
	pathology of schistosoma japonicum in the taiwanese monkey
	(macaca cyclopis).  i.  comparison of formosan and japanese strains.
	ii.  effect of passing the formosan strain through japanese snails.
	i.   nearly equal recovery rates of adult worms
	from taiwanese monkeys (macaca
	cyclopis) infected with formosan or japanese
	strains of sch. japonicum were recorded.
	worm recovery rates from the monkeys
	were low when comparison was
	made with the highly susceptible laboratory
	rabbit, signifying only partial susceptibility.
	formosan strain granulomas in
	the liver contained fewer eggs but
	were considerably more severe and extensive
	than japanese strain granulomas.
	the possibility that the large, atypical granulomas
	could be reactions to young,
	degenerating formosan worms is discussed.
	an alternative hypothesis to explain
	the dissimilar reactions, that formosan strain
	eggs are stronger tissue irritants
	than those of the japanese strain, is proposed.
	ii.   the formosan strain of sch. japonicum
	was passed through the japanese snail
	intermediate host (oncomelania nosophora)
	for 4 consecutive generations.  progressively
	rising rates of snail infection and
	mortality were recorded.  the resultant
	laboratory strain of formosan schistosome
	was used to infect taiwanese
	monkeys.  monkeys infected with the natural
	formosan strain and natural japanese
	strain served as controls.  worm recovery
	rates were similar in the 3 groups.
	granulomatous responses in the liver produced
	by the laboratory strain were compared
	with the large atypical granulomas of
	the natural formosan strain and the
	conventional granulomas of the natural japanese
	strain.  the new formosan strain
	appeared altered toward characteristics possessed
	by the japanese strain.
Contents for document 974:
	comparative values of thick drop and concentration methods detection
	of filaria infection.
	blood was drawn from the finger and vein
	in 246 students from 11 p.m. to 2 a.m.
	to compare the diagnostic efficacy of thick
	drop method vis-a-vis concentration
	method.  infection rate was found to be the
	same (2.5%) by both methods, and 5
	students harbouring infection were found to
	be positive by both methods.  infestation
	rate in the concentration method was
	higher being 14 per slide against 4 per
	slide in the thick drop method.
Contents for document 728:
	filariasis in portuguese timor, with observations on a new microfilaria
	found in man
	the results are described of an
	investigation into filariasis in portuguese timor.
	two types of microfilariae were
	found in blood films: one was wuchereria bancrofti
	and the other, referred to as the timor
	microfilaria, is probably a new species.
	blood surveys showed that w.
	bancrofti and the timor microfilaria were widely
	distributed in the territory but that infection
	rates were usually low.
	clinical lesions were few and mild;
	elephantiasis was confined to oedema of the
	lower limbs below the knee.
	the timor microfilaria resembles
	that of brugia malayi in general staining
	reaction and appearance and in the possession
	of two nuclei in the terminal thread, but
	differs in over-all length, in cephalic-space ratio,
	and in failure of the sheath to stain with
	giemsa.  it is nocturnally periodic.  it was
	rapidly removed from the peripheral blood
	by treatment with diethylcarbamazine citrate
	in daily doses of 9.3-13.3 mgm. per kgm. body
	weight or 3.3-5.0 mgm. per kgm. body weight
	for seven days.  only damaged fragments of
	adult female worms were recovered.
	the timor microfilaria was not
	found in cats, dogs or monkeys.
	the vectors of filariasis in timor
	are still unknown.
Contents for document 977:
	some observations on the effects in vivo of varying ambient temperatures
	on filarial worms of snakes.
	new information was obtained on the biology
	of filarial worms from experiments
	using constrictor constrictor mexicanus
	boas, infected with macdonaldius oschei
	worms.  the microfilariae of m. oschei are
	aperiodic with respect to the light cycle,
	but fluctuate sharply in density from day
	to day.  maximum minimum levels occur
	approx. 2 days apart.  the microfilariae
	are larger and more variable in size on
	the days of maximum density than on the
	days of minimum density.  it is suggested
	that the smaller microfilariae on the days
	of low parasitemia are those that have
	been born recently and that they enlarge
	during the following 48 hr. before they enter
	the peripheral capillaries.  low ambient
	temperatures have little effect upon m.
	oschei.  exposure of the host to ambient temperatures
	above 36 c for a period of
	24-48 hr. appears sufficient to kill adult
	m. oschei.  all microfilariae apparently die
	within 144 hr. at this temperature, and in
	slight infections.  they disappeared from
	the blood altogether within that period.  microfilariae
	from an infection 20 times
	more severe, however, were not eliminated
	from the circulation prior to the death
	of the host after 288 hr., although all those
	observed were either decomposed or
	distorted and apparently dead.  the indication
	that the temperature serves as a limiting
	factor for the parasite at a point several
	degrees lower than that postulated for
	the host species, is probably correlated
	with the nocturnal habits of the host.
Contents for document 438:
	1770. proliferative activity of the
	lymphatic tissues of rats as
	studied with tritium-labelled
	thymidine
	cytokinetic data are presented, employing
	quantitation of h3dna in the lymphatic
	tissues of normal rats serially sacrificed
	after h3tdr administration.  a marked
	difference in the patterns of initial labeling
	and label loss was observed between the
	thymus and peripheral lymphatic tissue.
	the data are compatible with other indica-
	tions of rapid cell renewal in the thymus.
	there is suppression of initial uptake of
	h3tdr into the dna of each large lymphocytic
	progenitor cell in the thymus, appa-
	rently because of a feedback of thymidine
	containing material from small lympho-
	cytes in the thymus.  depletion of the thymus
	of small cells, as by operative stress
	or whole body x-ray, leads to a marked
	increase in the uptake of h3tdr into the
	dna of large thymocytes.  this finding,
	which is in agreement with the previous
	findings of sugino et al. suggesting transfer
	of thymine nucleotides from small thy-
	mus lymphocytes to precursor cells, may or
	may not be related to the apparent
	transfer of dna label between thymic cells.
	the evidence for the latter consists of
	the curvilinear dilution of the dna label in
	the thymus proliferating cell population
	and the relationship between the rate of dna
	label dilution in large cells and the
	dna in the small cells in the thymus.  after
	the dna label in progenitor cells in
	the thymus and lymph nodes has entered the
	small cell population, the subsequent
	dilution of grains in these dividing cells follows
	the same slope as the loss of radio-
	activity from the entire lymph node.  there is a
	long retention of some h3dna label
	in the dividing lymph node cell population.  this
	suggests that the loss of radioacti-
	vity from the dividing cells and from the small
	cell population as a whole occurs e-
	qually.  this pattern prevails regardless of
	whether the percentage of large and
	small cells is altered experimentally.  these
	findings can be explained by an inter-
	change of the dna nuclear label between small
	lymphocytes and large lymphocytes.
	this could occur by some process such as
	phagocytosis or pinocytosis, or by trans-
	formation of the small lymphocyte into a large,
	dividing cell.  the data fit best with
	the latter possibility.  all or any of these
	mechanisms would lead to an equilibration
	of the dna label between large and small
	cells.  this finding prevents the assign-
	ment of a finite life span to lymphocytes on
	the basis of dna labeling kinetics.  ne-
	vertheless, there appear to be at least two
	different types of lymphocytes.  one,
	the 'thymus-type' lymphocyte, is found in the
	thymus cortex, bone marrow and ger-
	minal centers of lymphoid follicles.  the other
	type, found abundantly in the wide-
	spread peripheral lymphatic tissue, shows a
	very prolonged retention of dna la-
	bel and is believed to be recirculating,
	'immunologically committed' cells described
	by others.  these cells do not appear to
	enter the thymus cortex.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 27

P@10: 0.7
Recall@10: 0.3888888888888889
AP@10: 0.353395061728395
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 28: palliation temporary improvement of cancer patients by using
drugs, x-ray, surgery.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 779       | 26.043596 |  R  |
|2    | 994       | 20.752554 |  R  |
|3    | 777       | 19.954710 |  R  |
|4    | 989       | 19.143169 |  R  |
|5    | 992       | 18.541409 |  R  |
|6    | 621       | 18.246172 |     |
|7    | 774       | 17.756998 |  R  |
|8    | 998       | 17.652502 |     |
|9    | 995       | 17.430061 |  R  |
|10   | 115       | 16.655630 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 779:
	carcinoma of the esophagus
	a survey of fifty-seven patients with cancer
	of the esophagus occurring over a twenty year
	period is presented.  the presenting complaints
	of the disease, methods of diagnosis, and char-
	acteristics of the disease are discussed.  three
	equal treatment groups consisting of no treat-
	ment, x-ray treatment, and surgical resection
	were compared and the results were extremely
	poor.  only one patient in all three groups sur-
	vived longer than two years.  it was our con-
	clusion, supported by the opinion of others,
	that x-ray therapy gave the best palliation in
	most cases and that surgical resection for cure
	should be used in only the most suitable pa-
	tients.
Contents for document 994:
	intra-arterial chemotherapy for cancer metastatic to liver.
	twenty-two patients with cancer metastatic
	to the liver were treated by the intra-arterial
	infusion of cancer chemotherapeutic
	agents.  the drugs were introduced
	directly into the hepatic artery in 10 patients
	and into the aorta to the level of the
	celiac axis in 12 patients.  no significant differences
	in results were observed in the
	2 groups.  of the 10 patients who received cancer
	chemotherapy via the hepatic artery,
	one remains alive 2 mth. after treatment;
	3 died in the immediate posttreatment
	period; 7 survived from 1-17 mths after
	treatment, an average survival of
	6.1 mth.  all 12 patients who were treated by
	the intra-aortic administration of cancer
	chemotherapy have died; 3 patients died
	in the immediate posttreatment period; the
	survival time of the remaining 9 averaged
	3.7 mth.  an objective significant shrinkage
	of the metastases in the liver was
	observed in 6 patients (3 treated by the intra-hepatic
	artery route and 3 via the aorta);
	this lasted from 1-10 mth.  subjective palliation
	was observed in 12 patients (5
	treated by the intrahepatic artery route and 7
	by the intra-aortic route).  the major
	complication noted was leukopenia; to a lesser
	degree, hepatic failure.  in those patients
	with poor metabolic reserve and in
	those who had received chemotherapy,
	irradiation or both in the immediate past,
	the complications were severe.  the need
	for critical screening for the proper selection
	of patients as candidates for cancer
	chemotherapy is discussed.
Contents for document 777:
	clinical experience with palliation
	of metastatic adenocarcinoma with
	5-fluorouracil chemotherapy
	chemotherapy of solid tumors is becoming a
	more and more helpful therapeutic tool.  it
	is probable that within a few years chemother-
	apy will become firmly established as an ad-
	junct to the primary treatment of solid tumors.
	perhaps someday a cancerocidal chemical will
	be devised that can actually act as antibiotics
	do on bacteria.  for this reason it is important
	for all surgeons interested in the treatment of
	cancer to try to keep abreast of the recent ad-
	vances in the field of chemotherapy.  surgeons
	should also begin to use some of the technics for
	palliation of incurable patients so that when
	these drugs are added to the armamentarium of
	primary treatment of cancer, they will be
	familiar with the various technics and the mode
	of actions of the drugs.
	5-fluorouracil (5-fu) has had extensive clin-
	ical use and has produced significant palliation
	in breast and colon cancers with about a third
	of these patients receiving palliation for five to
	six months.
Contents for document 989:
	chemotherapy of metastatic gastro-intestinal cancer.
	   cancer of the digestive tract is the commonest
	cause of death from neoplastic disease in the united
	states.  a large number of patients with these forms of
	incurable cancer may be candidates for specific anti-tumor
	drug therapy.  the criteria employed for the selection
	of patients for systemic or regional chemotherapy
	are reviewed and methods of treatment are outlined.
	systemic chemotherapy, using fluorinated pyrimidines,
	the antifol, methotrexate, and the alkylating agent, cytoxan,
	has been found to be of significant practical value
	in 10 to 30% of the patients receiving these anticancer
	drugs.  protracted hepatic artery infusion chemotherapy
	in patients with primary and secondary hepatic neoplasms
	and tumors of the biliary system has resulted in
	objective tumor response and associated clinical benefit
	in 60% of the patients treated.  length of survival has
	been prolonged in patients with advanced metastatic liver
	cancer from primary tumors of the colorectum.  it is
	concluded that systemic and regional cancer chemotherapy,
	in selected cases, has contributed to the practical
	management of patients with incurable cancer of the
	gastrointestinal tract.
Contents for document 992:
	intra-arterial infusion emphasizing treatment of malignant neoplasms.
	this review of the english medical literature
	summarizes most of the significant
	papers concerned with intra-arterial infusion.
	this technique of cancer therapy is
	effective for palliation of many advanced primary
	and recurrent cancer patients.
	head and neck cancer patients form the largest
	group of patients that have been treated
	because of the easily accessible arteries.
	however, almost any involved organ
	can be infused by external approaches to the
	femoral, brachial and common carotids.
	most oncolytic chemotherapeutic agents can
	be given via the intra-arterial route at
	notably increased dosages with the exception
	of 5fudr.  partial and complete regression
	of many tumors can be obtained with
	present day chemotherapeutic agents
	for 1 or 2 mth.  the best therapeutic results
	have been in patients with head and neck
	and pelvic tumors.  currently infusion techniques
	using small mobile pumping units
	permit the patient to be ambulatory during course
	of anti-tumor therapy.  complications
	from intra-arterial infusion are usually
	minor but serious complications do
	occur such as embolic phenomena to the cns
	with internal carotid infusion; aplastic
	bone marrow from drug toxicity, hemorrhage
	from tumor degeneration.  technical
	complications of the infusion may not be life
	threatening but frequently prematurely
	terminate the therapy.  continued interest in
	this form of therapy appears inevitable.
Contents for document 621:
	otologic care of cleft palate cases
	the purpose of this study was to review the ear pathology
	in 480 patients whose cleft palates had previously been repaired.
	despite concern over speech regression, tonsil and
	adenoid surgery was carried out on 66 of these patients.  when
	carefully done, this was accomplished with considerable overall
	improvement, particularly for the benefit of the conductive
	hearing loss.
	sixteen cases had exact documentation of these results by
	virtue of speech recording and accurate audiometric records.
Contents for document 774:
	surgical palliation for lung cancer
	the results of resecting incurable lung cancer
	in an effort to improve the terminal course of a
	small number of patients are briefly presented.
	this is not a comparative study and no in-
	ferences or conclusions are justified regarding
	the choice of this form of therapy as palliation
	in preference to other forms of palliative ther-
	apy; however we do believe that the terminal
	course of the patient with lung cancer is bene-
	ficially effected by removal of the primary
	tumor whenever this is technically feasible.
Contents for document 998:
	the management of advanced cancer.
	patients with incurable cancer may receive
	substantial relief of disabling mental
	and physical symptoms by constant and continuous
	medical management.  while usually
	of limited value, certain measures of
	both specific anticancer therapy and
	nonspecific supportive therapy may relieve
	the symptoms and sustain the patient's
	morale.  general supportive measures
	of value and the various cancer chemotherapeutic
	compounds and techniques of
	administration of these drugs are reviewed
	from the standpoint of patient selection,
	practical application to various
	forms of cancer, and limitations of these agents
	in patients with advanced cancer.
Contents for document 995:
	cancer chemotherapy by continuous intra-arterial infusion.  experience
	of the veterans administration surgical adjuvant cancer chemotherapy
	infusion study group.
	two hundred fifty-one patients with advanced
	cancer have been treated with 365
	courses of intra-arterial cancer chemotherapy.
	this technique and its complications
	and results are analyzed and discussed.
	objective response was obtained in
	57% of the patients treated.  the best results
	were obtained in epidermoid carcinoma
	of the head and neck and the poorest
	in primary brain tumors and intra-abdominal
	adenocarcinomas.  ten per cent
	of all patients receiving at least 1 course
	of therapy and available for evaluation obtained
	worthwhile palliation for 6 or more
	months.  ten patients have had satisfactory
	results for periods of 12 to 28 months.
	it is concluded that arterial infusion
	chemotherapy may be of benefit in
	the palliation of patients in whom other more
	conventional methods have failed or
	are contraindicated.  the frequency of serious
	complications suggests that at present
	this form of therapy should be used only
	by individuals and groups with special
	interest and experience in chemotherapy.
	much further study of this type of cancer
	treatment is needed and various areas of
	investigation are suggested.
Contents for document 115:
	a study of ventricular septal defect associated with aortic             
	insufficiency .                                                         
	  clinical, electrocardiographic, radiographic, and hemodynamic findings
	in 12 children with the combination of a ventricular septal defect and  
	aortic insufficiency are presented . the left-to-right shunt was        
	determined to be small or moderate in all, and significant aortic       
	insufficiency was documented by aortography in 11 patients . clinical   
	indication of aortic insufficiency as manifested by an aortic diastolic 
	murmur first appeared at an average age of 6 years in 7 patients, with  
	concomitant widening of the pulse pressure in 4 . progressive left      
	ventricular hypertrophy was noted electrocardiographically, with        
	progressive cardiac hypertrophy and aortic dilatation on x-ray          
	examination in 2 patients . progression of the hemodynamic disability   
	does not appear to be common in childhood, however .
-------------------------
Metrics for query 28

P@10: 0.7
Recall@10: 0.1794871794871795
AP@10: 0.17012617012617012
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 29: hereditary implications of prolonged neonatal obstructive jaundice
associated with liver pathology.  there are but two relatively
common well-defined pathologic entities that present as such:  1 bile
duct or biliary atresia and 2 giant cell transformation of the liver
often referred to as neonatal hepatitis.  information regarding
liver and bile duct embryogenesis will be an important adjunct
to papers on the disease processes.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 1017      | 102.409569 |  R  |
|2    | 1016      | 86.544640 |  R  |
|3    | 1008      | 81.778648 |  R  |
|4    | 853       | 80.498093 |  R  |
|5    | 1015      | 79.866577 |  R  |
|6    | 1009      | 75.170296 |  R  |
|7    | 1018      | 73.093086 |     |
|8    | 1006      | 66.384018 |  R  |
|9    | 1007      | 65.094612 |  R  |
|10   | 1012      | 64.821480 |  R  |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 1017:
	fetal and neonatal hepatitis and its consequences.
	the author reports on 18 fatal cases observed
	in infants from 3 weeks to 1 year old.
	in all cases, jaundice appeared just after birth
	or during the first days of life, and
	was persistent.  the stools were sometimes
	discolored.  there was no blood incompatibility.
	the picture was similar to that
	of congenital biliary atresia.  pathological
	study revealed 2 groups: (1) with pathological
	changes of hepatitis (11 cases).
	the liver is enlarged, flabby and icteric.  microscopy
	shows dissociation of the cell
	cords and polymorphism of the hepatic cells
	(necrotic cells, balloon cells, giant cell
	transformation).  some of the giant cells show
	vacuoles, erythrocytes, lipids and
	acidophilic material in their cytoplasm.  there
	are signs of regeneration, collapse
	of the stromal framework, proliferation of the
	mesenchymal cells and bile retention.
	cells of the erythrocytic series are scattered
	in the periportal spaces with eosinophilic
	leucocytes, lymphocytes and histiocytes.
	(2) with fibrosis and cirrhosis (7
	cases).  the liver is green, firm, with a nodular
	or granular surface.  the extra-hepatic
	biliary tree is normal.  the spleen is
	enlarged.  microscopy shows bile stasis,
	pericholangiolitic fibrosis, and proliferation
	of bile ductules.  the periportal, interlobular
	and intralobular fibrous tissue is increased,
	and shows cellular infiltrations.
	the architecture of the liver is disturbed by
	the presence of pseudolobuli in the regeneration
	areas.  it is suggested that these cases
	are due to a congenital viral hepatitis,
	which is not only the result of an intrauterine
	infection, but also a feature of
	fetal hepatitis, with secondary pericholangiolitic
	or post-necrotic liver cirrhosis.
	the neonatal giant cell hepatitis is to be considered
	as the result of a cytotoxic action
	of the virus.  the author considers also
	the possibility of a viral etiology in
	cases of biliary atresia on the basis of their
	morphological similarity with congenital
	viral hepatitis.
Contents for document 1016:
	hypoplasia of the intrahepatic bile ducts.
	a description of 2 cases: (1) a boy of 13 days
	old had atresia of the small intestine
	and pneumonia, and a slightly enlarged liver
	with faint green coloration.  histological
	examination revealed numerous collapsed
	bile ducts which had solid ductular
	cell sprouts reaching the liver cells;
	the minor and smallest bile ducts were
	empty.  (2) a girl of 1 yr and 4 mth had increasing
	jaundice since birth.  autopsy
	revealed a hypoplastic common bile duct,
	which was, however, open to probing,
	and marked green coloration of the liver.
	also in this case, the bile ducts were
	very narrow and had solid ductular cell sprouts
	reaching the liver cells.  this
	type of bile duct corresponds to a stage in
	ontogenesis and does not show signs
	of proliferation.  it may be considered a form
	of hypoplasia, as the size and number
	of the primordial bile ducts is reduced.  when
	present the anlage shows a regular
	connection with the liver cells.  this hypoplasia
	is to be distinguished from an
	atresia.  the long survival of the second case
	can be explained by the great
	compensatory capacity of the liver.
Contents for document 1008:
	clinical study and histological study of the liver in hepatitis in
	infants.  i.  classification and findings of clinical study and
	histological study of the liver in hepatitis in infants (japanese).
	clinical observations and histological studies
	by liver biopsy on hepatitis in infancy,
	i. e. obstructive jaundice of unknown cause in
	infants, were made.  histologically,
	hepatitis in infancy was divisible into 3 types:
	(1) no giant cell formation was observed.
	in general, slight degeneration of liver
	cells, necrosis and inflammatory
	changes with stasis of bile were characteristic.
	(2) the so-called giant cell hepatitis
	was characteristic.  (3) specific type, presenting
	the picture of cholangiolitis.
	histological changes in the liver other than biliary
	stasis were scanty.  no specific
	changes which could clinically differentiate the
	3 types were found.  in each type,
	serum bilirubin, sgot and sgpt activities had
	slight characteristic points in clinical
	and laboratory studies.  in type 1, the values
	were relatively low, while in type
	2 they were markedly high.  in type 3, sgot activity
	was within normal range.  histological
	characteristics of the liver of type 1
	were necrosis of liver cells, formation
	of acidophilic granules and balloon cells,
	cellular infiltration in glisson's capsule,
	and biliary stasis in the liver cells and
	fine bile ducts.  morphologically, findings
	of viral hepatitis were observed.  in type
	2 liver tissue was replaced by many
	multinuclear giant cells.  extreme distortion
	of cords of liver cells and cellular infiltration
	in glisson's capsule and lobules were
	noted.  there was marked biliary
	stasis in the capillary bile ducts and liver cells.
	it was characteristic that proliferation
	of bile ducts and bile plugs were not found,
	which was consistent with giant
	cell hepatitis of craing-landing.  in type 3, degeneration
	of liver cells, necrosis
	and inflammatory changes were slight.  biliary
	stasis in the hepatic lobules was conspicuous.
	histological findings similar to cholangiolitic
	hepatitis due to drug poisoning
	were observed.
Contents for document 853:
	a genetic study of neonatal obstructive jaundice
	58 children with extrahepatic biliary atresia, 7 with intrahepatic
	biliary atresia and 50 with 'neonatal hepatitis' were analysed
	concerning diagnostic criteria, natural history, familial, clinical
	and pathological data.  in extrahepatic biliary atresia, there is no
	evidence of a familial tendency, influence of maternal age, birth
	order or disturbance of foetal development.  in 'neonatal hepatitis',
	there were 4 consanguineous parents, suggesting a mutant
	autosomal gene in homozygous form.  some infants with the genotype
	for 'neonatal hepatitis' may manifest a very mild or a very severe
	form, so, a diagnosis was not made.  an apparent excess of males
	over females may be another evidence of failure of manifestation of
	the genotype.  but 'neonatal hepatitis' may be a manifestation of
	more than one disease.  in 'neonatal hepatitis' the birth weight
	shows a marked decrease, perhaps as a sequence of disturbed liver
	function in the foetus.
Contents for document 1015:
	neonatal hepatitis or familial neonatal obstructive jaundice?.
	four siblings all of whom were boys with
	chronic obstructive jaundice are described.
	the onset of the jaundice varied from 1 day
	to 4 weeks after birth.  two other boys
	and 2 girls in the same family are healthy.
	although in one of the 4 cases pathological
	findings were the same as in neonatal hepatitis
	('giant cell hepatitis'), other possibilities
	could not be excluded.  what has been
	described hitherto as giant cell hepatitis
	appears to be only a morphological picture,
	for which there must be several causes.
	it is concluded from the findings in the 4 patients
	that one of the possible causes of
	so-called giant cell hepatitis is an inborn
	error of metabolism.
Contents for document 1009:
	the pathology of 'giant cell hepatitis' in early infancy.
	a 1-month-old male infant was admitted to
	hospital because of acute cardiac and
	circulatory failure.  autopsy revealed macronodular
	liver cirrhosis with splenomegaly,
	left ventricular dilatation of the heart,
	hydrothorax, and ascites.  histology
	of the liver showed a giant cell hepatitis.  the
	portal areas were widened, with foci
	of erythropoiesis and histiocytic infiltrations.
	the liver cells showed vacuolar and
	degenerative changes.  the giant cells, present
	in the margin of the regeneration
	areas, as well as in the degenerated lobules
	has irregular borders and varied in
	size from 45-60 ft.  their nuclei were large,
	sometimes bizarre.  their basophile
	cytoplasm showed granules of iron pigment
	which was also found in some normal
	hepatic cells, in the prominent kupffer cells
	and in the connective tissue.  in the
	spleen there were proliferation of connective
	tissue and scattered areas of erythropoiesis,
	as well as pigment deposits in the pulpa.
	iron pigment was also found in the
	pancreas and salivary glands.  the islets of
	langerhans were hyperplastic.  the etiology
	of giant cell hepatitis is still unknown.
	its pathogenesis may be due to a malformation,
	immunologic response to some type
	of antibody, inborn errors of iron
	metabolism and viral infection.  it is suggested
	that the giant cell transformation is
	a response of the immature liver cell to a variety
	of stimuli.  this case is of interest
	for the predominance of giant cells with 1 or
	2 nuclei, presumably it is an intermediate
	stage or a variant of hepatitis.
Contents for document 1018:
	metabolism and excretion of bilirubin c in experimental obstructive
	jaundice.
	   bile duct ligation was carried out in a series of
	rhesus monkeys.  the time required for the serum bilirubin
	to stop rising and achieve a relatively stable level,
	and the average serum bilirubin reached, paralleled closely
	that seen clinically.  after the serum bilirubin levels
	had stopped rising and a 'steady state' had been reached,
	radioactive bilirubin was injected i.v.  the radioisotope was
	distributed principally extravascularly and not in the same
	ratio as albumin, as in other forms of jaundice.  daily turnover
	of bilirubin was found to be double that anticipated
	from normal hb breakdown, suggesting increased bilirubin
	production in obstructive jaundice.  in animals followed for
	2 wk nearly 80% of injected radioactivity was excreted in the
	urine, indicating that in obstructive jaundice the kidney
	takes over entirely from the liver the function of bilirubin
	excretion.
Contents for document 1006:
	the importance of steroid hormones in hyperbilirubinemia, and icterus
	of the newborn.
	administration of naturally occurring steroids
	(estriol, pregnanediol, cortisone)
	between the 7th and the 11th day of life increases
	the bilirubin level of these newborns.
	administration of the same steroids
	or of progesterone to nursing mothers
	results in hyperbilirubinemia of their infants.
	these facts explain the pathogenesis
	of neonatal jaundice.  interpretation of the
	experimental and clinical findings leads
	to the conclusion that the high amount of
	steroid hormones which must be excreted
	during the neonatal period in conjunction
	with the relative insufficiency of the neonatal
	liver is responsible for the inability
	to conjugate bilirubin with glucuronic acid.
	the steroid hormones probably compete
	with bilirubin for the enzyme and substrate
	necessary for conjugation.  the functional
	capacity of the neonatal liver is
	not high enough to conjugate both bilirubin
	and steroids.  only after excretion of the
	placental steroids does sufficient conjugation
	of bilirubin become possible.  furthermore,
	pregnanediol appears to inhibit the
	enzyme glucuronyl transferase.  these
	mechanisms show the importance of steroid
	hormones in the pathogenesis of neonatal
	jaundice and their importance as an
	aggravating factor in the development of
	jaundice due to erythroblastosis.  these newly
	developed concepts may have therapeutic
	implications on which the author will
	report at a later date.
Contents for document 1007:
	problems in neonatal obstructive jaundice.
	a critical analysis of 57 cases of neonatal
	obstructive jaundice led to the conclusion
	that proper diagnosis can be determined
	by study of liver biopsy.  the very
	low percentage of surgically correctable lesions
	among patients with neonatal obstructive
	jaundice and the seriousness and
	high mortality of the cases of hepatitis
	treated with a hazardous operation are stressed.
	conservative management is recommended
	until 3 mth. of age and even later
	if a serial fall in bilirubin is noted.
Contents for document 1012:
	hepatitis virus in neonatal liver disease.
	liver-biopsy specimens from 3 babies with
	neonatal hepatitis, and 3 with extrahepatic
	biliary atresia, were studied for the presence
	of hepatitis virus.  culture yielded
	positive results in all 3 babies with neonatal
	hepatitis and in 1 of the infants with
	biliary atresia.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 29

P@10: 0.9
Recall@10: 0.24324324324324326
AP@10: 0.2341591591591592
----------------------------------------

-------------------------
Ranking for query 30: hemophilia and christmas disease, especially in regard to the
specific complication of pseudotumor formation occurrence,
pathogenesis, treatment, prognosis.
-------------------------------------
|Rank | MedlineID | Score     | Rel |
-------------------------------------
|1    | 1026      | 32.428989 |  R  |
|2    | 1024      | 27.356375 |  R  |
|3    | 1027      | 26.326504 |  R  |
|4    | 920       | 25.155024 |     |
|5    | 841       | 24.768671 |     |
|6    | 24        | 24.658604 |     |
|7    | 1033      | 23.770105 |  R  |
|8    | 908       | 22.829952 |     |
|9    | 1013      | 22.771578 |     |
|10   | 839       | 22.753843 |     |
-------------------------------------
Contents for document 1026:
	tumor-like bone lesions in hemophilia.
	this report deals with the clinical and radiologic
	findings in a hemophilic pseudotumor
	of the femur observed over a period
	of 10 yr.  the pathogenesis, treatment
	and radiologic differential diagnosis are
	discussed.
Contents for document 1024:
	some bone lesions in the course of blood diseases with special reference
	to the formation of bony callus and to the treatment of fractures in
	patients suffering from blood diseases.
	after some preliminary remarks on the embryology
	and physiology of the bone
	marrow and on the mechanism of coagulation
	of the blood, the authors pass on to
	a consideration of the genesis of bony callus,
	and the treatment of fractures in
	patients suffering from blood diseases.  an
	account is given on the basis of some examples
	of pathological fractures, and also
	of some traumatic fractures in subjects
	affected by various kinds of blood diseases
	such as solitary myeloma, polyosteotic
	plasmocytoma, waldenstroem's syndrome,
	the coagulopathic syndrome
	from a structural defect of the fibrin coagulum,
	and hemophilia.  fractures in patients
	with blood diseases are characterized
	by an abnormal course, and, for an
	effecient cure, it is necessary to make an
	accurate diagnosis with regard to the
	pre-existing blood diseases and to re-establish
	hemostasis when this has been
	changed, to prevent hemorrhages, and to correct
	any plasma defect that may be
	present and which are reflected in the formation
	of the bony callus.
Contents for document 1027:
	concurrent hemophilia and christmas' disease in one family.
	a study is presented of a number of generations
	of a family in whom two members had
	christmas' disease and three hemophilia a.
	it is suspected that the preceding generations
	must have been afflicted with hemophilia
	ab, or a mutation in x-chromosome genes
	which are responsible for both types of hemophilia
	must have occurred in the grandmother's
	family.  in her daughters the genes
	responsible for hemophilia ab segregated
	so that their children and grandchildren inherited
	only one type of hemophilia i.e. hemophilia
	a or christmas' disease.  relevant genetic
	considerations are briefly reviewed.
Contents for document 920:
	psychotic reactions of childhood: experiences of a mental retardation
	pilot project.
	   clinical team evaluations are presented of a group
	of 32 psychotic children who were initially thought to be
	mentally retarded.  emphasis is placed on consideration
	of as many aspects of the total picture as possible with
	diagnosis resulting from a synthesis of the individual
	pieces of information.  caution is suggested regarding
	interpretation of incomplete psychological test findings,
	especially in regard to prognosis.  the results of this
	study offer guidelines for differential diagnosis between
	psychosis resulting from primary emotional disorders
	and psychosis superimposed on a chronic brain syndrome
	in children.  questions are raised about early infantile
	autism as a unitary syndrome on the basis of etiology.
	the need for a better and more comprehensive diagnostic
	classification of the psychotic reactions of infancy and
	early childhood is stressed.  this must be developed
	before valid comparisons of treatment and prognostic
	considerations can be made among groups of clinicians
	working in the field.
Contents for document 841:
	hemophilic arthropathy
	jaromir priborsky, zora antalovska
	the authors report their experience with joint
	diseases in 54 patients suffering from hemo-
	philia, 49 of them being cases of hemophilia a,
	5 of hemophilia b.  21 patients were children
	up to the age of 14 years.  bleeding into the joints
	occurred in 66.6% of patients.  in the age
	group over 14 years the cases of bleeding into
	the joints were more frequent (78.8%) than
	in the age group up to 14 years (47.7%).
	there were no differences as to bleeding into the
	joints and the seriousness of articular changes
	between the cases of hemophilia a and hemo-
	philia b.  in most cases the bleeding into the
	joints began between the 6th and the 14th year
	of age.  bleeding into the joints as the first
	manifestation of a hemophilic condition occurred
	only in 9.3% of patients; in most cases other
	hemophilic manifestations preceded.  in spite of
	this fact the joint manifestations were often
	wrongly diagnosed as tuberculous arthritis, rheumatic
	fever, progressive arthritis, and were treated
	accordingly.  most usually the large joints (knee,
	elbow, ankle) were affected with bleeding and in
	them the changes were also the most serious.  the
	joints of both halves of the body were
	affected uniformly.  in most cases several joints were
	affected while monoarticular localization
	was observed in 16.6%.  the seriousness of articular
	changes was dependent mainly on the
	number of repeated bleedings into one and the same
	joint, although other factors (weight bearing
	of the joint, complexity of the joint, treatment) may be
	of decisive importance in the individual
	cases as well.
	according to clinical (especially from
	the functional point of view) and x-ray criteria the
	articular findings were classified into three
	groups: in the first group the function of the joint
	is preserved, in the second limited and
	in the third practically extinguished.  the following
	laboratory tests were carried out: erythrocyte
	sedimentation reaction, latex test for the rheu-
	matoid factor, c-reactive protein, mecoprotein
	tyrosine and weltmann's coagulation test.
	the findings were normal even in cases of
	irreparable articular changes unless acute bleeding
	into the joint or in some other localization,
	or some other complicating disorder was present
	simultaneously.
	the therapy of hemophilic arthropathy
	remains troublesome owing especially to a frequent
	occurrence of articular bleeding.
	a close cooperation of the hematologist
	and the rheumatologist or the orthopedist may con-
	tribute to the improvement of the fate of
	these patients.
Contents for document 24:
	idiopathic autoimmune hemolytic anemia and idiopathic thrombocytopenic  
	purpura associated with diffuse hypergammaglobulinemia, amyloidosis,    
	hypoalbuminemia and plasmacytosis .                                     
	  a case is reported of a sixty-nine year old woman with severe,        
	idiopathic, autoimmune hemolytic anemia which was initially controlled  
	by splenectomy . a relapse associated with the development of severe,   
	autoimmune, thrombocytopenic purpura failed to respond to large doses of
	prednisone, but was controlled to a variable degree with imuran .       
	  associated features included diffuse hypergammaglobulinemia, excessive
	gamma-u proteins in the urine, idiopathic hypoalbuminemia with a greatly
	reduced total exchangeable albumin pool, amyloidosis in the spleen and  
	other organs, and diffuse plasmacytosis of the bone marrow, lymph nodes,
	and thoracic and peritoneal fat . these features and their              
	interrelationships are discussed . there was no deficiency in the       
	synthesis of specific neutralizing antibodies against viruses,          
	indicating that a qualitative immune deficiency did not exist .         
	  the frequency of occurrence of thrombocytopenic purpura in such a case
	is discussed, as is the prognosis . the mechanism of action of          
	antimetabolites in inducing a remission in autoimmune hemolytic anemia, 
	as well as the etiology of the disease, is reviewed .
Contents for document 1033:
	hemorrhagic episodes in hemophilia: a 5-year prospective study.
	   medicosocial studies of hemophilia are of
	particular clinical importance in allowing an assessment
	of the likely course of the disease at different
	ages and for differing grades of severity, and in
	providing knowledge of which complications cause
	the most disability, loss of education, and earning
	capacity.  they also overcome the distorted clinical
	impression of the disease which arises from the
	recurrent admission of the same few severely affected
	hemophiliacs.  owing to the considerable individual
	variation in the number and severity of complications
	in different hemophiliacs an accurate individual
	prognosis can never be given.  in general,
	however, the number of spontaneous episodes per
	year decreases with age, while the severity of individual
	episodes tends to increase, at least until
	the age of 21 yr.  there is general agreement that
	the bulk of hospital hemophilic admissions are due
	to hemarthroses and that hemophilic arthropathy
	involves the knee more than it does any other joint.
	the increased time spent in hospital per episode in
	later life is in part at least due to the development
	of relatively unstable weight-bearing joints due to
	hemophilic arthropathy and associated muscle atrophy.
	thus the correct management of individual
	hemarthroses in childhood is of considerable importance,
	and at the present time too little is known
	of the best possible treatment for these episodes.
	little is known of the pathological mechanisms of
	hemophilic arthropathy and whether it is the presence
	of blood or its presence under tension which
	leads to joint destruction.  thus opinions differ concerning
	the routine admission of all hemarthroses
	to hospital regardless of severity and also about the
	advisability of joint aspiration in an attempt to avoid
	the development of destructive arthropathy.  because
	of the individual variation between patients, the
	changes in the pattern of the disease with age, and
	the difficulty of obtaining suitable control patients
	these questions can be answered only by further
	longterm prospective medicosocial studies.
Contents for document 908:
	isolation of mycoplasma pneumoniae from adults with respiratory
	infections.
	isolation of mycoplasma organisms from the sputum
	was attempted in 254 patients with various syndrome
	of respiratory disease.  isolates were obtained in 56% of
	the 197 patients with pneumonia, 50% of patients with
	chronic bronchial diseases who were not treated with
	tetracycline, and 33% of persons with acute upper respiratory
	infection.  these differences are not statistically
	significant and indicate a nonpathogenic role for m.
	pharyngis and m. salivarium which were the strains most
	frequently isolated.  the highest frequency of isolation
	was from males 15 to 30 yr. of age.  isolation of m.
	pneumoniae requires one to 2 weeks:therefore, it is not
	useful for rapid diagnosis.  also, it underestimates the
	prevalence of infection, especially if patients have received
	tetracycline.  of the serologic tests, complement-fixation
	(cf) was the most specific.  the growth
	inhibition test (tri) was the most sensitive and was
	significantly related to atypical pneumonia.  the 2 tests
	may measure different antibodies against m. pneumoniae.
	serum cold agglutinins developed in many cases
	of pneumonia and were poorly discriminatory in etiologic
	diagnosis.  m. pneumoniae infection occurred in a
	minimum of 8% and a maximum of 20% of civilian patients
	hospitalized for pneumonia during the season studied.
	serologic evidence for m. pneumoniae was rare in
	lobar pneumonia.  in nonlobar pneumonia, m. pneumoniae
	accounted etiologically for 13% to 50% of cases.  the incidence
	of m. pneumoniae infection was constant in
	different seasons but greatest relative to the occurrence
	of pneumonia in the fall and spring.
Contents for document 1013:
	neonatal hepatitis: liver biopsy findings and clinical features.
	on 22 infants with a clinical diagnosis of neonatal
	hepatitis, histologic examination
	of the liver was made by needle biopsy and
	its relation to the clinical course was
	investigated.  histologic findings were classified
	provisionally into 3 types: type i
	showed no giant cells but only slight damage
	to hepatic cells with prominent intracellular
	cholestasis; type ii was characterized
	by occurrence of numerous giant
	cells; the specific type was characterized by
	centrolobular cholestasis without inflammatory
	reaction.  laboratory examinations
	revealed that increases in serum
	transaminases and bilirubin were greater in
	type ii than in type i, and in the specific
	type there was no increase in serum transaminase
	but there was a direct hyperbilirubinemia.
	as to histologic sequelae,
	the results of serial biopsy revealed that
	in type i hepatic damage healed almost completely,
	and that in type ii giant cells
	disappeared within 1 yr and, in some cases,
	hepatic cirrhosis resulted.  the prognosis
	of neonatal hepatitis may be said to
	be good in type i, poor in type ii, and
	undetermined in the specific type.
Contents for document 839:
	the prevention of crippling
	in haemophilic children
	children who are severely affected with haemo-
	philia or christmas disease suffer repeated
	haemorrhages into joints and muscles after trivial
	injuries.  these episodes of bleeding produce
	cumulative crippling.  the haemarthroses tend to be
	recurrent; each episode produces some damage to
	the joint surface and the immobility during con-
	valescence leads to muscle weakness.  thus after
	recovery the joint becomes increasingly liable to
	renewed bleeding.  the deep muscle haematomata
	can produce crippling by actual destruction of
	muscle tissue, by pressure on important nerves or
	arteries, by contractures which develop during
	healing and by failure of resolution of the original
	haematoma leading to chronic cyst formation.
-------------------------
Metrics for query 30

P@10: 0.4
Recall@10: 0.2857142857142857
AP@10: 0.25510204081632654
----------------------------------------

----------------------------------------

Summary for all queries:
Mean P@10: 0.5595238095238095
Mean Recall@10: 0.27303559262092497
MAP@10: 0.2252059657186045
